Article 1

Definitions
In the mortgage deed and in these General Terms and Conditions, the following definitions apply:
lender:
the (financial) institution or its legal successor that provides the funds for the
mortgage loan from the borrower;

Borrower:
the one or those, both jointly and separately, for whose debts is mortgaged
granted;
 
mortgagor:
The person or those, both together and individually, whose registered property with
mortgage for the benefit of the lender is encumbered;

Collateral:
the registered property or property, both together and separately, on which at least
mortgage has been granted for the benefit of the lender, and the goods specified in the mortgage deed
have been pledged to the lender;

Article 2

Obligations of the mortgagor
The lender is obliged:
1. the collateral:

a. to use properly and in accordance with legal requirements;
b. in good condition and to take all necessary measures in a timely manner and

to perform (or have performed) all required activities in a timely manner;

c. to have it (re)valued at his expense if the lender has indicated this

considers it desirable to safeguard his position as security holder.

2. lender or his authorized representative(s) for the purpose of inspection and/or (re)valuation
grant free access to the collateral at all times. Lender can borrower
oblige to make an additional repayment or provide additional security if
and to the extent that after inspection and/or (re)valuation in the opinion of the lender
is desirable;

3. all charges and taxes owed in respect of the collateral, punctually

to fulfil;

4. the collateral and all associated components to the satisfaction of the lender

with a good name and reputation of a solid insurance company
who is allowed to conduct the non-life insurance business in the Netherlands, to insure
and keep insured against fire and storm damage, damage caused
by lightning strikes and other risks for which insurance of the collateral
is common;

5. insurance policies and proofs of payment of insurance premiums on

first request and to be submitted to the lender within fourteen days.
If at any time it appears that the collateral is not to the lender's satisfaction
is insured, the lender has the right to provide the collateral at the expense of the borrower
to insure and to be insured against the risks as referred to in paragraph 4 of this article
to hold;

6. to inform the lender without delay of damage to the collateral that a

results in a significant decrease in the value of the collateral;

7. immediately after the damage has occurred, provide all such data to the lender
provide information that may be of importance to the lender for the determination
of the identity of the insurance company that, on the basis of a
insurance contract is obliged to pay out and/or of the person(s) who
caused damage.
In the event of damage, the mortgagor undertakes to pay an insurance company
or an offer of payment made by another (legal) person only to
accept after obtaining written permission from the lender;

8. to immediately notify the lender of:


bankruptcy or the application or declaration thereof of the borrower or
mortgagor;

application to obtain a moratorium or application for a

debt rescheduling scheme of the borrower or mortgagor;

claim of the collateral;
termination or threatened termination of an insurance policy relating to the

collateral;
any other factual or legal circumstance giving rise to enforcement
of the collateral, reducing the collateral value of the collateral
can reduce, or that for the lender in connection with its mortgage right of
can be important.

Prohibitions
Without written permission from the lender, the mortgagor is prohibited:
a. to rent, lease or otherwise hand over the collateral for use

or use thereof by third parties, advance payment of rent or
to stipulate or accept lease payments, the right to rent or lease payments
to alienate, pledge or otherwise encumber;

b. a man-share property partly intended for the benefit of the collateral to the other

transfer co-owners;

c. encumber the restricted collateral or enter into an agreement

to tolerate or not to do anything with regard to the collateral;

d. to change the layout, shape or purpose of the collateral;
e. to dispose of the collateral, including contribution to a legal person,

general partnership, partnership or any other joint venture;

Article 3

f. to enter into a hire-purchase agreement with regard to the collateral;
g. divide the collateral, divide it into apartments, relinquish

easements or to waive any rights against third parties who have
bound to tolerate anything with regard to a collateral belonging to them, or
impossible;

h. buildings or other works or elements of the collateral in whole or in part

to break down or remove, and fruits and plants other than usual
to harvest, grubbing up or felling;

i. with regard to the collateral excavations, excavations, excavations or perform or tolerate similar acts;

j. to use the collateral for purposes other than those for which it is intended.

Article 4

Conducting a defense against claims, directions and notices
The lender is authorized to put forward a defense and legal remedies on behalf of the mortgagor
against claims, indications or notices against the
mortgagor instituted or made to him with regard to the collateral by virtue of
any statutory regulation, such as the Expropriation Act, the Private Law Barriers Act,
the Monuments Act, the Housing Act, the Nature Conservation Act.

Article 5

Pledge of rights
1. The rights that the mortgagor has in the mortgage deed for equal security as

for which the mortgage has been granted to the lender are:
a. if a mortgage has been granted on a ground lease, subleasehold, superficies
or other limited right: all rights that the mortgagor under the deed of
establishment and pursuant to any statutory provision towards the landowner or
leaseholder can assert, including rights to compensation
or payment upon termination of the right of long lease, subleasehold, superficies or
other limited right;

b. if the collateral has been rented out or otherwise given into use: all

rights that the mortgagor under the lease or use agreement towards
the tenant or user can assert, including the right to
collect rental or usage fees;

c. if the collateral is encumbered with an easement, a right of
ground lease or subleasehold, a right of superficies, a right of usufruct,
use or occupancy, a limited right as referred to in Article 5 of the
Private Law Barriers Act, or any other limited right: all rights that
mortgagor pursuant to an agreement or pursuant to the law towards the limited
entitled party, including the right to claim the fee, the
to collect ground rent or any other consideration;

d. all rights that the mortgagor, for whatever reason, has vis-à-vis third parties

in respect of the collateral, such as rights to indemnification for
expropriation of the collateral or of part thereof.

2. Insofar as these rights have not yet been pledged at the time of the mortgage grant

could be acquired, the mortgagor is obliged to grant these rights as soon as they
have become liable to be pledged, to be pledged immediately to the lender. lender
is authorized to pledge these rights to itself as security as for which
the mortgage has been granted.

3. The mortgagor is obliged to provide the lender with all information,

to provide information and documents that the lender deems necessary to
to exercise liens.

4. Without written permission from the lender, the mortgagor may:

a. not transfer rights pledged to the lender;
b. do not further encumber rights pledged to the lender with any limited right;
c. make no arrangements with regard to rights pledged to the lender;
d. not waive any rights pledged to the lender.

5. Lender has the right at all times to notify the lien to
the person(s) whose lender deems it desirable that he/she has knowledge of
the liens.

6. The lender has the right to recover from claims with regard to the pledged rights in

and to claim performance and/or payment out of court and with the relevant
debtor(s) to make arrangements.

Paragraphs 3 to 6 of this article shall apply mutatis mutandis to the
legal liens of the lender.

Article 6

Foreclosure sale of the collateral
1. If the lender proceeds with an enforceable sale of the collateral, he has

the choice between public sale in front of a person to be designated by him
notary and private sale with the approval of the preliminary relief judge of
the court.

2. In the event of an enforceable sale, the lender is authorized to:

a. to subdivide and/or subdivide the collateral into apartments;
b. to sell the collateral in parts;
c. to establish auction or sales conditions;
d. to establish easements and/or qualitative obligations;
e. to exercise all rights under the purchase agreement, insofar as the law applies

not oppose it;

f. suspend or cancel an intended or commenced sale;

3. The mortgagor is obliged:

a. to the civil-law notary charged with the sale, or to the preliminary relief judge of the

court before which a request for approval of a private sale is submitted
submitted:
all information and data concerning the collateral required by it to provide;

to hand over the documents and evidence relating to the collateral set;


Article 7

b. enable candidates to determine the collateral on the lender

days and times to be viewed;

c. in the event of a public sale, the collateral before the start of the auction

to completely vacate and make it available to the buyer;

d. in the case of private sale, the collateral before the expiry date
of the notarial deed of transfer completely and at free disposal
of the buyer.

4. When on movable property intended to be subject to the right of mortgage
to serve immovable property on a permanent basis, a right of pledge for the benefit of the lender
is established, the lender is authorized to jointly use the pledged property and the registered property
to be executed in accordance with the rules applicable to mortgages.

5. The lender brings what it has with regard to the enforceable sale of the collateral

will be deducted from the borrower's debts incurred by the mortgage
are covered. Amounts received are primarily intended to be deducted from the
costs, then deducted from the interest due and finally deducted
of the loan and the accrued interest.

Management and eviction
The lender is authorized to:
1. to be taken into administration if the mortgagor in its obligations towards the lender
seriously fails and the preliminary relief judge of the district court orders him to do so
authorizes;

2. to take possession if required with a view to the execution. The

The mortgagor is then obliged to provide the collateral at the lender's first request
to be completely vacated or to have it vacated and to make it freely available to the lender.

Insofar as the preliminary relief judge of the court does not determine otherwise, the lender will
in the conduct of the management in any case have the right to, on behalf of the
mortgagor and in a manner to be determined by the lender:
a. to take care of or manage the administration and exploitation with regard to the collateral;

take care of it and charge a fee for it,

b. to maintain and/or repair the collateral;
c. to rent out the collateral or to give it in use at the lender's discretion
conditions; to terminate or dissolve rental or use agreements;
receive and discharge rental or usage fees;

d. make all payments in respect of the collateral, including

insurance premiums, taxes and business expenses;

e. to exercise all rights and powers that the mortgagor with regard to

to the collateral insofar as this is done by . for the management of the collateral
lender is deemed necessary.

Article 8

Mortgage provision by third party(ies)
Without prejudice to the provisions of these General Terms and Conditions, the following are:
provisions applicable if the mortgagor is not a borrower:
1. the third-party mortgagor:

a. cannot derive any rights from the fact that other granted to the lender

securities are given by this price,

b. costs incurred by him for the benefit of the collateral can never be

reclaim lender,

c. does not have the right to demand that the lender, when the lender decides to sell
transfers, pledged and/or mortgaged property of the borrower
participates in the sale or is the first to sell;

2. the claims of the third-party mortgagor on the borrower as a result of the

foreclosure of the collateral are subordinated to all claims of the lender
on borrower.

Article 9

Proxy
The mortgagor grants/grant to the lender an irrevocable power of attorney – with the
right of substitution - to change the information provided to it in these Terms and Conditions, and/or the
mortgage deed, and/or the deed of loan and/or the rights granted by law and
to exercise powers.

Article 10

1. To be borne by the borrower:

a. all costs of establishment, maintenance and exercise of the mortgage right

- including costs of cancellation, change of rank and any
renewal of the mortgage registration;

b. costs of valuation or revaluation of the collateral;
c. insurance premiums paid by the lender in respect of the collateral

or fees, charges and taxes;

d. all costs of establishment, maintenance and exercise by the borrower

pledges granted and/or to be granted to the lender;

e. all judicial and extrajudicial collection costs incurred by the lender in connection

with his mortgage and/or pledge rights.

Insofar as the lender has paid these costs, the borrower is obliged to pay these costs
to immediately reimburse the lender on first request.

2. If the lender takes or takes possession of the collateral, the

the borrower is obliged to immediately pay to the lender on first request:
a. all costs incurred by the lender in the context of the management or underwriting of

has made the collateral;

b. the amount to be determined by the lender in the context of the management by him

fees.


3. All that which the borrower owes to the lender pursuant to the provisions of this article

Certain items are part of the costs for which the mortgage was also granted.


General Terms and Conditions Obvion N.V. for loans

Definitions
In the deed and in these General Terms and Conditions, the following definitions apply:

Borrower, you:
the one or those, both together and each
separately, to whom the lender has provided a loan;

lender:
the (financial) institution or its legal successor that has the loan to you
provided;

money loan:
the total amount lent to you by the lender on which these General Terms and Conditions
have been declared applicable;

Loan part:
part of the loan to which separate conditions apply;

Debt:
the part of the loan that has not yet been repaid;

Fixed interest period:
a period agreed with you during which the lender charges the interest applicable to a loan component
will not change;

Third party lender:
The person, other than the borrower, who provides additional security for the benefit of the lender
for the satisfaction of all that the lender has to claim from the borrower on his
collateral has granted the right of mortgage.

Collateral:
the registered property or property, both together and separately, on which at least
mortgage has been granted for the benefit of the lender, and the goods specified in the mortgage deed
have been pledged to the lender;

(Mortgage) Deed, quotation:
the written document(s) in which the loan is recorded.

Money loan general

Joint and several liability of borrower
The borrower is jointly and severally liable for the correct payment of interest and principal.
If more people have committed themselves as borrowers for the loan, each person can
the borrower is held jointly and severally liable - so each for the whole -
for all obligations from the deed and these general terms and conditions. If the lender
to a borrower, or to any person liable under any
(article 80b junto) article 102 book 1 of the Civil Code waives its
claim, the lender expressly reserves all rights and remains
each remaining borrower is jointly and severally liable for the entire loan. Also
your legal successors under universal title are jointly and severally – so each for the whole
– liable for your obligations, unless otherwise required by law or regulation
determined.

More borrowers
a. Each borrower is individually authorized, also on behalf of other borrowers, to

receive communications from the lender and all communications to the lender
to do;

b. Each borrower is individually authorized, also on behalf of other borrowers, to
to perform (legal) acts in connection with the loan, the deed and
these terms and conditions.

Payments
1 Payments to lender:

must take place in a manner to be indicated by the lender by doing

crediting the amounts owed to a bank specified by the lender
bank/giro account;

stretch in the first place to reduce the cost, then to reduce
of the interest due and finally deducted from the (residual) principal of
the loan and the accrued interest.

2 Payment has taken place at a time to be indicated by the bank when the

lender's account has been credited.

Penalty for late payment
If the lender pays it to him by virtue of the deed and/or these General Terms and Conditions,
and/or has not received the amount due on time, the borrower is
will owe interest on the amount not received on time from the due date. It
percentage is determined periodically by the lender, see www.obvion.nl
due per month. If the borrower during part of a month
is in default, the interest is calculated over a whole month. The interest is immediately
due.

Repayment of amounts paid by the lender
If the lender has made a payment on behalf of or for the borrower, the borrower is
is obliged to immediately repay the amount of the payment to the lender.
He owes interest on the amount not paid on time. The percentage
is determined periodically by the lender, see www.obvion.nl. This interest is per month
owed. If the borrower is in default for part of a month
the interest is calculated over a whole month. The interest is due from the
time of payment by the lender.
 
Term of the loan
For the determination of the end date of the loan, the start date is the
first day of the calendar month following the date on which the
money loan. The loan is taken into administration as soon as the documents of the notary
have been received showing that the loan has been granted. The end date of the
loan is the date on which the agreed term of the original
longest-term loan component ends, calculated from the aforementioned start date.

Collection owed amounts
You are obliged to authorize the lender with regard to the loan by you
to be able to collect amounts owed automatically from a bank or
giro account with an institution established in the Netherlands. The amounts due
are collected approximately three business days before the end of the month. The
payment of the monthly interest and repayment due must be made no later than the
last working day of each month.

The first collection takes place after the lender has received the notary's mortgage deed
receive. This makes it possible that the first debit takes place in the month
after closing the loan. In that case, the first debit consists of the
owed for that month increased by the amount owed for the month of
closing the loan.

Interest calculation
You pay the interest agreed with you for making the loan available
owed under the terms and conditions stated in the offer, deed and these General Terms and Conditions
provisions.
The interest calculation takes effect as of the value date on which the lender has funds
transferred to the notary. The interest for the loan is calculated on the basis of
of the agreed interest rate or, if there are more loan components, the
interest rate for each loan component separately.
The interest is calculated from the aforementioned date until the end of the month
on the amount of the debt. For each subsequent month up to and including the end of
during the term of the loan, the interest is calculated on the amount of the debt
at the end of the preceding month.

For the calculation of the interest, a 30-day month and a year are used
set at 360 days. The interest always expires at the end of the month.

Own resources
If you have indicated that you have your own resources, you must
using resources to make up a difference between the total acquisition cost and the amount
to pay the loan.

Money in a construction account (construction account)
Only if the loan is intended for a (new) house yet to be built or
home to be renovated, the lender transfers all or part of the loan amount
to a construction account. A credit on the construction account may only be with
permission from the lender.
a. If the lender has the loan or part thereof available to you

stated by booking on a construction account, the following applies:
by accepting the offer you pledge the credit on the construction account to lender;

that pledge serves as security for all claims of the lender that money loan;

a credit on the construction account can only be transferred to the lender or pledged;

as long as there is no case in which the loan is immediately due and payable,
the lender will waive its right of pledge on the amounts over which you may
have as determined under b and f below.

b. Original invoices received by you (from your contractor) regarding the construction or
You can forward the renovation - signed by you for approval - to the lender.
On the basis of these signed accounts, the lender books the
transfers amounts owed to the accounts payable to the creditor of the accounts, for
insofar as the credit on the construction account is sufficient and insofar as the lender believes
that the value of the collateral has increased sufficiently due to the goods and/or
works to which the accounts relate. Additional work notes are sent by
lender only paid if this additional work was known when the
quote for your loan.

c. During the term of the construction account, you must also pay the monthly in respect of

to pay the entire amount due in interest and/or repayment of the loan. Bee
new construction you can choose to pay this monthly amount due
from the following options:
automatic debit of the total monthly amount due from a bank or giro account;

partial/full payment of the monthly amount owed of the construction account.


Unless stated otherwise on the application form, the lender assumes that you have
opted for payment of the monthly amount due from the
construction account.

d. You will receive interest on a credit on the construction account. It

interest rate that applies to the calculation of the compensation is equal to
the interest rate for the loan is reduced by 1%. If there are more
loan parts are the lender uses the
average of the interest rates of the individual loan components (including
bridging loan) reduced by 1%.

e. From the moment the construction account is opened, it may be a maximum of two years walk.

f. When the construction or renovation is finished and then a credit on the construction account

or if you do not have the credit for four consecutive calendar months
on the construction account as described under b above, the lender may
use that credit for penalty-free extra repayment of the loan.
If your loan consists of more loan components, this extra repayment will be made on the
loan part chosen by you and passed on to the lender. In the absence of
such a choice determines which loan component is repaid on.
g. You will regularly receive an overview of the status of your construction account.

Early Repayments
1. You may not exceed 10% of the (original) loan amount per calendar year

early repayment of the relevant loan component in part without compensation.
If no early repayment has been made in a calendar year, the
repayments allowed for that calendar year without compensation no longer take place
in a later calendar year.

2. The minimum amount for a partial early repayment is periodically adjusted by

lender determined, see www.obvion.nl

3. If early repayment is made for an amount greater than 10% of the
(original) loan amount of the relevant loan component, are you
the amount by which this 10% is exceeded, compensation to the lender
payable equal to the present value of the loss of interest of the amount of
the excess.

4. The present value of the loss of interest over the amount of the overrun

is calculated by the lender in the following way:
I percentage
  The difference between the applicable

interest rate and the lender at the time of receipt of the amount
of the early repayment, for a comparable loan from the lender on
that current interest rate for a fixed interest period equal to the
remaining fixed interest period. If the remaining fixed interest period does not coincide
with a fixed interest period used by the lender at that time,
for the calculation of the present value based on the interest rate that is part of the next shorter fixed-interest period.

For the calculation of the present value, under residual
fixed-interest period to be understood as the period from the time of receipt
from the amount of the early repayment to the agreed final
redemption date or the next interest reset date if such
precedes.

5. Settle any partial repayment fee charged

lender with the partially repaid amount.

6. Partial repayment has adjustment of the monthly amount due

result.
The lender adjusts the monthly amount due from the relevant
loan portion with effect from the first working day of a month following the
month in which the lender's account is credited for the amount of the
partial repayment.

7. You do not owe any early repayment fee:

in the event of a legal transfer of the collateral, and if you are to the satisfaction of the lender

demonstrates that all borrowers are moving in connection with that transfer. below
legal transfer does not include the legal transfer of a share
in the collateral;

in the event of the death of a borrower up to one year after that death;
in the event of a benefit, whether or not after the death of a borrower, pursuant to a

capital/mixed life insurance pledged to lender as security
for a loan provided to you by the lender;

in the event of a benefit, whether or not after the death of a borrower, pursuant to a

investment account or investment deposit that is pledged to the lender until
security for a loan provided to you by the lender;

in case of repayment with a credit on the construction account after termination and completion

of construction;

in the event of complete destruction of the collateral;
upon repayment of a bridging loan;
upon repayment on the day on which the fixed-rate period ends;
when the interest rate for similar by the lender is then

provide money loans - in terms of repayment form and remaining fixed-interest period or
in addition to a shorter fixed-interest period equal to the one you wish to repay - on
the day of repayment is equal to or higher than the interest rate of the
actual loan portion to be repaid.

8. The lender pays interest on a partial repayment from the date of receipt
until the end of the relevant month. The lender uses for the calculation of
the interest to be paid an interest rate that is equal to the interest rate of
the loan portion on which repayment is made. This interest will be paid at the end
of the month of repayment, set off against the debt of the loan part on which you
partially redeemed.

Full repayment announcement
At least fourteen days before an intended full repayment date, you must:
inform the lender of the intended repayment and repayment date.
When paying the repayment on a date after the date specified by you,
repayment date, the lender charges daily interest. If receipt of the
repayment takes place before or on the date announced by you, you are
no more interest on the first day following the day of payment on the repaid amount
owed.

Change in loan conditions
During the term of the loan it is not possible to switch to a
Obvion Basic mortgage. To change the repayment form, term,
interest rate and fixed interest period that belong to your loan/loan component, the
following rules:
with every change, the then current (new)


General Terms and Conditions of the lender apply;
you owe administration costs for a change, see www.obvion.nl;
 

a change is possible without administration costs at the end of the
agreed fixed-interest period;

you may be compensated for changing the loan conditions in the interim
owed due to loss of interest in accordance with the provisions of Article 11, paragraph 4 of this
Terms and Conditions.

lender reserves the right to cancel existing mortgage types and/or

remove fixed-interest periods from the range and add new ones.

change is only possible if the lender's requirements at that time are met

financing criteria established for similar loans;

the change can be arranged in a quote that the lender sends you for acceptance

sends;

on www.obvion.nl you will find current information about the options for making changes

of loan conditions and any associated costs;

the lender is not obliged to request a change in the loan conditions to follow up.

Increase money loan
An increase of the loan is possible if the requirements set by the lender on that date are met
financing criteria currently established for similar loans.
The following rules apply to an increase:
an increase in your loan is processed by adding one or more

new loan components;
when originally has a higher registration with the Land Registry

occurred, you can increase your loan to that amount without intervention from a notary.

If no higher registration was originally made with the Land Registry,
then a new registration is required for the amount of the increase.
the total loan may not exceed the amount for which the mortgage has been granted;

in the event of an increase, the (new) Lender's Terms and Conditions apply.

A fee is payable for making use of this facility, see www.obvion.nl.

Moving facility
When you buy another property that serves or will serve as your primary residence
and repay the current loan as a result of sale and legal delivery,
do you have the following options:
you can include the loan conditions agreed with you. This means that you

the interest rate and the remaining fixed-interest period of the repaid loan
apply to a new loan up to a maximum of the repaid amount.

you can also pass on the loan conditions agreed with you. This means

that you pay the interest rate and the remaining fixed-interest period of the
can pass on the loan to the buyer of the home for which the loan
was originally closed, up to the amount repaid.

For both options applies that the application for the new loan
within three months after repayment of the existing loan from the lender,
have been submitted and the lender's at that time for similar
financing criteria established for loans. To use these facilities
a fee is due, see www.obvion.nl.

Information
a. Each year, the lender provides you with a balance statement with regard to the loan
which may contain information that may be important for your tax return.

b. If you do not receive the contents of the balance statement sent within one month of
has disputed the provision, the contents thereof shall be deemed to have been approved by you.

c. By accepting the mortgage offer you give the lender permission in advance to keep your intermediary informed of the progress of your loan.

Evidence of lender administration
An extract from its administration signed by the lender extends to you:
full evidence, barring evidence to the contrary.

Claim grounds
The borrower is in default, without a notice of default being required, if and
as soon as one of the grounds for demand mentioned in this article arises.

Everything that the lender has to claim from the borrower is immediately payable in its entirety
due and payable if borrower:
1. one or more of these General Terms and Conditions, the mortgage deed or the
deed of loan obligations not, not in time or not properly
fulfills;

2. one or more obligations under the agreement of capital/ (mixed) life
insurance -of which the rights have been pledged to the lender not, not on time or not-
properly fulfills;

3. one or more obligations arising from the maintenance of a

investment account whose rights have been pledged to the lender not, not on time or
does not comply properly;

Moreover, everything that the lender has to claim from the borrower is in its entirety
immediately due on or after:
1. declaration or request for bankruptcy or request for suspension of payment of

borrower or third-party lender or declaring a
statutory debt rescheduling scheme on the borrower or third-party mortgagor;

2. enforcement attachment or prejudgment attachment that changes into an enforcement order

attachment of the collateral or part thereof;

3. any event that may lead or has led to a substantial decrease in

the value of the collateral and/or other securities;

4. death of borrower;
5. living outside the Netherlands of the borrower;
6. placing the borrower under guardianship or otherwise loss caused by borrowers more of the free management of his assets;

7. any event that has resulted or may lead to a disproportionate limitation

of the lender's rights;

8. determination by the lender that there is a defect in the title of property, more in
in general, determination by the lender of any defect in (an)other for it
relevant title(s) as a mortgage holder.

For multi-collateralized mortgage loans whose rights from (a)
is/are policy(s) of capital/ (mixed) life insurance(s) to lender
pledged, also applies, in addition to what is stated in paragraphs 18.1 and 18.2 of this article
it has been stated that everything that the lender has to claim from the borrower in its entirety
is immediately due and payable if:
1. the insurance contract ends prematurely or has been made non-contributory, or the

the policy(s) of the insured persons referred to have been changed;

2. the insurance company in a state of bankruptcy or suspension of payments

is or will be, on the understanding that this ground is of such
weight should be that the lender's bond cannot be extended any further
required;

3. the insurance contract is surrendered.
For mortgage loans to multiple security, of which the assets
pledged to the lender in an investment account, also applies, in addition to what is stated in paragraphs 18.1 and 18.2 of this article, that all that lender of
the borrower has to claim in its entirety is immediately due and payable if:
1. the investment account terminates prematurely or a periodic deposit into the aforementioned

investment account is terminated;

2. the institution where the aforementioned investment account is held in the state of

is or will be in bankruptcy or in suspension of payments, with
provided that this ground must be of such importance that the bond of
the lender cannot be demanded further;

Borrower or transferee(s) under universal title is/are obliged to
to notify in writing of facts or circumstances as referred to in this article,
immediately after they occur.

Transfer claim
The lender is authorized to transfer its claim against you under the loan
transfer to a third party. Borrower agrees in advance to such transfer, will
cooperate to benefit the security provided for the claim
to the acquirer of the claim and gives permission for it to be
making personal data available to the acquirer.

Taxes and fees
All taxes that are or will become due in connection with the loan will be
at your expense.

Special conditions for various interest types
In addition to the conditions stated above under 'Money loan general', the
following conditions if the relevant interest type has been agreed with you.

Fixed interest period of one month (variable monthly interest)
These provisions apply to mortgage loans/parts with a fixed interest period of
a month with application date before March 23, 2009.
a. The lender determines the interest rate once a month (last working day) and

communicate this to you. Changes in the interest rate have consequences for the
monthly amount due.

b. The interest rate is based on the so-called 'reference interest' (1-month

Euribor) and has a surcharge that is determined periodically by the lender, see www.
obvion.nl

c. You have the option of choosing a fixed interest period of longer in the meantime

than a month. The new fixed-rate period starts on the first of the month
following that in which the borrower's lender's written request for the
conversion of the fixed interest period. A choice once made
is irrevocable. For the new fixed-interest period, the lender applies at
the date of receipt of the borrower's written request
interest rate.

d. You may always make early repayments without compensation.

Fixed interest period Obvion Flexible Interest
These provisions apply to mortgage loans/loan components with a fixed-interest period
of a month commencing on or after November 9, 2009.
a. The interest rate can change daily. If you take out a new loan, then

During the first calendar month, you pay the interest rate that applies to
passing date. The rate will then be reset on the 1st of every month
determined on the basis of the applicable daily rate on the last working day of the previous
month. This rate is valid throughout the month and will be communicated to you. Change
of the interest rate has consequences for the monthly amount owed.
b. You have the option of choosing a fixed interest period of longer in the meantime

than a month. The new fixed-rate period starts on the first of the month
following that in which the borrower's lender's written request for the
conversion of the fixed interest period. A choice once made
is irrevocable. For the new fixed-interest period, the lender applies at
the date of receipt of the borrower's written request
interest rate.

c. You may always make early repayments without compensation.


Fixed interest period of longer than one month
a. During a fixed-interest period, the lender will not change the interest.
b. The fixed-interest period always starts on the first of the month in which the loan is paid

has been provided.

c. The lender will send you a written notice at least one month before the interest rate change date

make an offer for a new fixed-rate period. For the new fixed-rate period
the lowest interest rate applies from the period between the date of the offer and the commencement date
new fixed interest period (= off-peak interest).

d. When you change this offer of lender, the newly selected

fixed-rate period the lowest interest rate from the period between the date of receipt
change request and effective date of the new fixed-rate period

e. When you indicate that you do not make use of this offer or of any
other fixed-rate period that the lender offers, you must pay all that you owe to the lender
owe repayment on the date on which the new fixed-rate period would be
entered. The lender does not charge you a fee for early repayment for this
account. If the lender is not notified of acceptance before the interest rate change date
or non-acceptance, the terms of the
lender's offer.

Interest Free
If you choose a two-year fixed-interest period at the start of the loan/loan component
then you are allowed to pay for the loan/each loan component for which you have made that choice
determine once during those two years when you can start a new fixed-interest period
late entry (interest-free). The new fixed-rate period starts on the first of the
month following that in which the borrower's lender submits the written request for the
conversion of the fixed interest period. A choice once made is
irrevocable.

Interest rate choice
For any fixed-interest period longer than one month (except with interest-free), you can:
you can determine once in the last year of your fixed-rate period at what time
you want to start a new fixed-interest period (freedom of interest). The new
fixed-interest period starts on the first of the month following the month in which the lender
has received the written request for the conversion of the fixed-rate period. An
choice once made is irrevocable.

Special product conditions

Compulsory term life insurance
a. When the total loan from the lender exceeds 100% of the valued

enforceable value of the collateral, you are obliged for at least the
amount that the loan exceeds 100% a term life insurance
to close and keep closed on the life of the borrower(s) whose income
is/are necessary to pay the loan.

b. You are obliged to pledge the rights under this term life insurance policy to

lender.

Savings mortgage (new)
These provisions apply to Savings-Based Mortgages for which a
quote has been requested.
a. The Savings Mortgage consists of a mortgage loan and (a) obligatory

lender to pledge mortgage savings insurance(s).

b. The term of this mortgage savings insurance is equal to the term of the

relevant loan component.

c. This savings mortgage insurance is taken out with a lender

selected insurance company which is stated in the offer, see
also www.obvion.nl. You will receive the conditions for the insurance together
with the loan offer. You pay the premiums owed to this
insurance company.

d. A fixed-interest period of one month is not possible with the Spaarhypotheek.
 
Savings mortgage (old)
These provisions apply to Savings Mortgages for which an offer has been submitted before June 6, 2007
requested.
a. The Savings Mortgage consists of a mortgage loan and a compulsory

lender to pledge mortgage savings insurance.

b. The term of this mortgage savings insurance is equal to the term of the

relevant loan component.

c. This savings mortgage insurance is taken out with a lender

selected insurance company which is stated in the offer, see
also www.obvion.nl. You will receive the conditions for the insurance together
with the loan offer. You pay the premiums owed to this
insurance company.

d. A fixed-interest period of one month is not possible with the Spaarhypotheek.
e. With the Savings Mortgage, the compensation for early

repayment (Article 11, present value method) calculated over the remaining debt
minus the surrender value of the savings mortgage insurance and reduced
with the amount that may be added without compensation pursuant to Article 11 paragraph 1
redeemed.

a mandatory SpaarGarant insurance to be pledged to the lender.

SavingsGuarantee mortgage
a. The SpaarGaranthypotheek consists of a mortgage loan and
 
b. The term of this Savings Guarantee Insurance is equal to the term of the
relevant loan component.
c. This SpaarGarant insurance is taken out with a lender selected by the lender
insurance company, see www.obvion.nl. The conditions for the insurance
you will receive together with the offer for the loan.

d. A fixed-interest period of one month is not possible with the SpaarGaranthypotheek.

life mortgage
a. A Life Mortgage consists of a mortgage loan with an associated

a capital (/mixed) life insurance policy to be pledged to the lender.

b. The term of this insurance is equal to the term of the relevant insurance

loan part.

c. You can choose with which insurance company established in the Netherlands you
takes out this insurance. You pay the premiums owed to the chosen one
insurance company.

d. Before the loan is provided, the insurance company must

to confirm that the insurance application has been accepted or to the lender
to send policy(es).

e. An investment account may also be pledged instead of a life insurance policy

be used as security for the Life Mortgage.

f. This investment account may only be held at by lender selected institutions, see www.obvion.nl

Switch mortgage
New Switch mortgages are no longer provided.
a. The Switch mortgage consists of a mortgage loan and a mandatory

lender to pledge switch insurance.

b. This switch insurance is taken out with a lender selected by the lender

insurance company, see www.obvion.nl The conditions for the insurance
you will receive together with the offer for the loan.

c. The term of this switch insurance is at most equal to the term of the

relevant loan component.

d. A fixed-interest period of one month is not possible with the Switch mortgage.

Final Provisions

Tax disclaimer
a. If a life insurance policy has been taken out that has been pledged to the lender for your

obligations, an instruction to pay the insurance benefit may be
signed.
This payment order is intended to determine the (inheritance) position of the beneficiary
who signs the payment order, vis-à-vis the (other) heirs of
to strengthen the insured(s) in the event of the death of the insured(s).
Signing this payment order may have legal and tax consequences
have, among other things, for payment of inheritance tax.
These consequences are partly determined by the personal situation
of the beneficiary and of the insured, including marital or
partnership terms and/or a will. The beneficiary is himself
responsible for checking what these consequences (or could be) be. lender
accepts no liability for this. Lender advises the beneficiary
urgently seek advice in good time before signing a payment order
with a civil-law notary or an expert (tax) adviser.

b. Your personal circumstances, the use of the financing, the use of
the collateral as well as changes in tax laws and regulations and their interpretation
may influence the tax treatment of the loan and thus
related products. The lender accepts no liability for this
tax treatment.
If facts or circumstances arise that could affect the
tax treatment, you should seek advice from experts in the field.

Personal data
The Protection Act applies to all personal data of (a potential) borrower
Personal data applies. This personal data is used for

for the preparation and execution of the mortgage agreement,
which includes, among other things, acceptance, management, making distributions,
fraud prevention, investments and communication with intermediaries. This
personal data will only be processed for that purpose.

Disclosure of this personal data to third parties will only take place in so far as
like this:
Derives from the purpose for which the personal data is stated;
A legal regulation requires this;
With the consent of the borrower.
The person responsible for the use of the personal data is:
Obvion N.V. PO Box 3005, 6401 DM Heerlen.


Quote title
These Terms and Conditions may be cited as: Terms and Conditions
Obvion mortgage November 2009.
