Article 1

Definitions
We use certain terms in the mortgage deed and in these general terms and conditions. Here
we explain what we mean by it.

Obvion:
Obvion N.V., the lender that provides the funds for your mortgage loan and the
legal successors of Obvion N.V.

Borrower, you:
The person or persons who take out the mortgage loan and to whom Obvion has an or
has several claims. In these terms and conditions, “you” always refers to the borrower.
Is that more people? By this we also mean: - each person separately; and all
persons together.

mortgagor:
The person or persons who give or have given security to Obvion for the debt from
the mortgage loan. This security can be a right of mortgage or a right of pledge
to be. Is it more people? By this we also mean: - each person separately; and all
persons together.

Third party lender:
Someone other than the borrower, who has granted a right of mortgage on his collateral
to Obvion. This gives Obvion extra security for the payment of everything that Obvion
the borrower has to claim.

Mortgage holder:
obvion. The mortgagor grants to Obvion and its legal successors mortgage and
liens.

Right of mortgage:
As security that you will repay the loan to Obvion, the mortgagor indicates:
Obvion the right of mortgage on a collateral. This means, among other things: Obvion is allowed to do it
sell collateral if you fail to meet your obligations.

mortgage deed:
The notarial deed in which the mortgagor grants Obvion Mortgage and pledges on the
provides collateral.

Mortgage type:
The type of loan. Obvion has the Obvion Mortgage, the Obvion Basic Mortgage or the
Obvion Compact Mortgage.

Mortgage type:
The way in which you repay the loan or the loan component to Obvion. For example the
annuity mortgage. Obvion also calls this 'repayment form'.
Money Loan:
The total amount that Obvion lends or has lent to you.

Deed of loan:
The documents in which the loan is recorded. Such as the binding offer, the mortgage
deed and these General Terms and Conditions.

pledge:
As security that you repay the loan to Obvion, you give Obvion a right of pledge.
For example on insurance, (bank) savings accounts or other matters. The pledge holds
that Obvion may collect or sell the pledged property if you fail to meet your obligations.

Registered property:
A property that is required by law to be registered in a register. For example, an
house, which is registered in the Land Registry. By registering everyone can see whose
house. And whether, for example, there is a right of mortgage.

Collateral:
The registered property or the registered property on which the right of mortgage has been granted to
Obvion and the goods pledged to Obvion.

Original Principal Amount:
The total amount that you have borrowed from Obvion, excluding bridging loan.

rebuild value:
The amount needed to buy your home, in the same place, with the same size and the same
destination, rebuild. Rebuild value is only given for houses, not
for apartments.

Loan part:
The loan consists of one or more loan parts. These are named in the binding offer.
Separate conditions may apply for each loan component.

Debt:
The portion of the loan that has not yet been repaid.

Fixed interest period:
A period agreed with you during which Obvion will not pay the interest applicable to a loan component
change on the condition that the rate group, mortgage type and/or mortgage type are not
modify.

Rate group:
The rate group depends on, among other things, the ratio between the mortgage debt and the
market value of the collateral. Based on the rate group, the amount of
the individual tariff surcharge is determined.

Do you have loan components for which the fixed-interest period commenced before 24 April 2017? Then applies
for these loan components until the end of the fixed-rate period, the ratio between the
mortgage debt and the foreclosure value* of the home.

For valuations with a value reference date from 1 January 2013, Obvion uses the execution
value 90% of the appraised market value.

Debt Remaining:
Your outstanding debt that has not yet been repaid, excluding bridging loan.

Intermediary:
The natural or legal person who, in the exercise of a profession or business,
mediates.

Additional refund:
An additional repayment is a full or partial repayment of your loan. You are
not obliged to do so on the basis of the agreed repayment obligations associated with your
mortgage type.

Compensation:
The interest difference that you may owe to Obvion when you change the
want to implement loan conditions or make additional repayments. Compensation is sometimes also called
called fine.

Article 2

Obligations of the mortgagor
The mortgagor is obliged:
1. the collateral:

to use properly and in accordance with legal regulations;
to keep in good condition. Take all measures in time for this. And on time the
to carry out work or have it carried out that is necessary for this;

to have it (re)valued at its own expense if Obvion deems it necessary.

2. Always give Obvion or its authorized representative for inspection and (re)valuation free access to

the collateral.

   Obvion can oblige the borrower and the mortgagor to repay an additional amount
pay or provide additional security if this is the case after inspection and/or (re)valuation in accordance with
Obvion is desirable. The extra security can also consist of converting a
mortgage type.

3. Pay on time all insurance premiums, fees, charges and taxes that

are due in respect of the collateral. And at Obvion's request the
to show evidence. Isn't paid on time? Then Obvion may charge these payments
of the mortgagor on his behalf or for him.

4. the collateral and everything that goes with it to the satisfaction of Obvion to rebuild value
to insure and keep insured. This insurance must be taken out with a
solid non-life insurer approved by law in the Netherlands with a good
reputation. The insurance must cover the risks of fire and storm damage, explosion,
lightning strike, aircraft damage and other risks for which insurance is customary.
In the mortgage deed, a right of mortgage on an apartment right, such as
referred to in Section 5:106 of the Dutch Civil Code. the mortgagor
is in that case not obliged to take out insurance if the association of
apartment owners has taken out such insurance.

5. insurance policies and proofs of payment of insurance premiums after

request from Obvion to Obvion within fourteen days. If it turns out that it
collateral is not insured to the satisfaction of Obvion, Obvion has the right to collateral to be insured and insured at the expense of the borrower or the mortgagor
against the risks as referred to under 4 of this article.

6. at the request of Obvion, to provide all information, data and documents that Obvion

finds it necessary to exercise its right(s) of mortgage.

7. immediately after damage to the collateral has occurred to provide Obvion with all information about:

a. the insurer that is obliged to pay out; and/or
b. the person or persons who caused the damage.

   Only after written permission from Obvion may the borrower or mortgagor
in the event of damage, accept an offer of payment or compensation from an insurer
or another (legal) person. Obvion may determine that benefits from an insurance in
a deposit to be pledged to Obvion. From this depot the rebuilding of the
collateral to be paid.

8. Immediately inform Obvion about:

a. bankruptcy of the borrower and/or the mortgagor, or the application or declaration thereof;
b. declaration of application or application for a moratorium or a debt rescheduling

arrangement on or by the borrower and/or the mortgagor;

c. declaration of application or application of another (foreign) insolvency arrangement

on or by the borrower and/or mortgagor;

d. transfer, expropriation, claim or forfeiture of the collateral;
e. termination or threatened termination of any insurance in respect of the

collateral;

f. damage to the collateral that can lead to a decrease in the value of the home;
g. any other circumstance that:

can lead to a (forced) sale of the collateral;
may decrease the value of the collateral;
may be of importance to Obvion in connection with its right of mortgage.

Article 3

Prohibitions
1. The mortgagor may not use the collateral (or have it used) in violation of laws and regulations

regulations. The mortgagor is also not allowed to do or omit anything in the collateral that is
contravenes laws and regulations.

2. Without Obvion's prior written consent, the mortgagor may NOT:

a. rent, lease or in any other way hand over the collateral for use or

its use by others. The mortgagor may not prepay
stipulate or accept rent or lease payments. The mortgagor may also have the right to
not to alienate, pledge or otherwise encumber rent or lease payments.
b. the joint ownership of a thing that is intended for the benefit of the collateral (a

so-called joint business), transfer to the other co-owner or co-owner
owners of the joint business.

c. encumber the collateral with limited rights other than under the mortgage
deed. The mortgagor may also not enter into an agreement with regard to the
collateral to tolerate or not to do something.

d. change the layout, shape or purpose of the collateral.
e. dispose of the collateral. Including contribution to a legal person,

general partnership, partnership or any other joint venture.
f. enter into a hire-purchase agreement with regard to the collateral.
g. dividing the collateral, splitting it into apartments or relinquishing easements
today. Or waive rights that oblige others to tolerate or not do something
do with regard to a registered property they own.

h. erecting or converting other works or parts of the collateral,

remove or sign up for a demolition or remediation scheme. The mortgage may also
giver not to harvest, pluck up, or fell fruits and plants, except what
is common.

i. with regard to the collateral excavations, excavations, cleavage or

perform or tolerate similar acts.

j. use the collateral for purposes other than the purpose stated in the mortgage deed.
k. give the collateral for repair or hand it over for other work if it

collateral as a result may be exposed to the exercise of a
right of retention.

Article 4

Conducting a defense against claims, directions and notices
Obvion may defend and use legal remedies on behalf of the mortgagor if
someone files a claim against the mortgagor or makes an instruction or notice
with regard to the collateral. For example, under the Expropriation Act, the
Obstacles to the Private Law Act, the Monuments Act, the Housing Act, the
Nature Conservation Act and the Rural Areas Development Act.

Article 5

Pledge of rights
1. The rights that the mortgagor has pledged to Obvion in the mortgage deed until

equivalent security to that for which the right of mortgage has been granted, are:
a. if a mortgage has been granted on a ground lease, subleasehold, superficies or other

limited right: all rights that the mortgagor against the landowner or limited
entitled to exercise. For example, rights to compensation or payment in
termination of the right of ground lease, subleasehold, superficies or other limited right.

b. if the collateral has been leased or otherwise put into use: all
rights that the mortgagor can exercise against the tenant or user on
basis of the rental or use agreement. For example, the right to rent or
to collect usage fees.

c. if the collateral is encumbered with an easement, a right of (under)

ground lease, a right of superficies, a right of usufruct, use or habitation, a
limited right as referred to in Article 5 of the Private Law Barriers Act, or a
other limited right: all rights that the mortgagor on the basis of the agreement
or can exercise the law against the limited holder. For example, the right to
to collect the fee, canon or other consideration.

d. all rights that the mortgagor with regard to the collateral against third parties

has or will have. For example, rights from insurance contracts and rights to
compensation in connection with expropriation of the collateral or of a part
of them.

e. if the collateral has been sold: all rights that the mortgagor has against the

buyer. Including the right to claim payment of the purchase price, the share in the
quality account of the notary, the right to invoke and collect bank guarantees and
the right to demand deposits.

f. the right of the mortgagor to contributions related to the collateral

on the basis of a statutory regulation. For example, a contribution under the Act
promotion of home ownership.

2. Can these rights not yet be pledged at the time of the mortgage?

Or did they only arise after the mortgage was granted? Then the following applies. the hypo-
the giver is obliged to immediately pledge these rights to Obvion, as soon as the pledge is possible. In addition, Obvion is authorized to grant these rights on behalf of the mortgagor
to pledge oneself as security as for which the right of mortgage is
granted.

3. If Obvion so requests, the mortgagor is obliged to provide Obvion with all information,
provide information and documents that Obvion deems necessary to be able to exercise its rights of pledge
exercise.

4. Without Obvion's prior written consent, the mortgagor may NOT:

a. transfer rights pledged or to be pledged to Obvion;
b. encumber rights pledged or to be pledged to Obvion with a limited right;
c. make arrangements with regard to rights pledged or to be pledged to Obvion;
d. to terminate rights pledged or to be pledged to Obvion or have them terminated.

5. Obvion has the right at any time to give notice of the pledges to

anyone wishing to notify Obvion.

6. Obvion has the right to demand fulfillment and/or payment of the pledged rights,
with or without legal proceedings. Obvion also has the right to make arrangements
agreement with the debtors against whom the pledged rights can be exercised.

7. Paragraphs 3 to 6 of this article also apply to the rights of pledge that Obvion has on the basis of

of the law.

Article 6

Foreclosure sale of the collateral
1. If Obvion proceeds to a forced sale of the collateral, Obvion has the choice

between public sale (via a notary to be designated by it) and private sale
with the approval of the preliminary relief judge of the court.

2. In the event of a forced sale, Obvion is authorized:

a. to subdivide and/or subdivide the collateral into apartment rights;
b. to sell the collateral in parts;
c. sell multiple collateral together;
d. establish auction or sale conditions;
e. to establish easements and/or qualitative obligations;
f. to exercise all rights under the purchase agreement, insofar as the law opposes this

not resist;

g. to postpone or cancel a sale.

3. The mortgagor is obliged:

a. all desired information, data, documents and evidence about the collateral

to be handed over to the notary in charge of the sale. Or to the
preliminary relief judge of the court to whom a request for approval of a
private sale has been submitted.

b. to enable interested parties to view the collateral at a location to be determined by Obvion

set days and times;

c. in the case of public or private sale, the collateral before the commencement of
the auction (public sale) or before the date of the notarial deed of transfer
(private sale) completely and at the free disposal of the buyer
set. The costs of this will be borne by the mortgagor.

4. If Obvion also has a right of pledge on movable property that is intended to hold the collateral

on which the mortgage right is established, Obvion may use the pledged
sell the goods and the collateral together in accordance with the rules that apply to the law of
mortgage.

5. Obvion reduces the debts secured by the right of mortgage with the

proceeds of the forced sale. Obvion is authorized to determine which debts are the yield will be reduced and also the order in which and the extent and manner in which
it happens.

Article 7

Viewing, management and eviction
1. Obvion may use the collateral on which a mortgage right is established:

a. with the usual notices of being for sale (or having one provided for). the hypo-

the giver is obliged to open the collateral for viewing by interested parties
set;

b. take under management if the mortgagor or the borrower seriously falls short in his/her

its obligations to Obvion and the preliminary relief judge of the court therefor
gives permission;

c. take possession if necessary with a view to the forced sale and the

presiding judge of the court gives permission for this. As Obvion therefore
requests, the mortgagor is obliged to vacate the collateral completely or have it vacated
and to make it freely available to Obvion. The costs of this are borne by
the mortgagor.

2. If the preliminary relief judge of the court does not determine otherwise, Obvion may

conducting the management in any case at the expense of the mortgagor and in a manner that
Obvion determines:
a. take care of the administration and exploitation of the collateral and for this purpose a

charge a fee;

b. maintain and/or repair the collateral;
c. rent out the collateral or give it up for use on conditions to be determined by Obvion;

cancel or dissolve rental or user agreements; rental or usage fees
receive and discharge;

d. make all payments in respect of the collateral, including insurance premiums,

taxes and business expenses;

e. exercise all rights and powers that the mortgagor has with regard to

to the collateral, insofar as Obvion deems this necessary for the management of the collateral.

Article 8

Mortgage provision by third party(ies)
For the mortgagor who is not a borrower, in addition to all the provisions in these General Terms and Conditions,
Conditions the following.
a. Obvion may provide other securities granted or yet to be granted to Obvion.

The mortgage lender cannot derive any rights from this;

b. The mortgagor can never reclaim the costs he incurs for the collateral

from Obvion;

c. The mortgagor cannot require that Obvion, if it proceeds to sell, renders the pledged

and/or includes mortgage-encumbered property of the borrower in the sale or
be the first to sell;

d. The mortgagor cannot derive any rights from the following situations:

Obvion changes repayment schedules or allows you to make (part of) repayments omit;
the duration of a loan is extended;
the amount of a loan is (temporarily) increased or decreased to a certain

amount or up to the original amount;

changes or additions to the conditions under which the borrower/mortgage

the giver and Obvion enter into agreements.

 If the mortgagor who is not a borrower, by selling the collateral,has a claim against the borrower, then this claim and the amount owed on it
interest subordinated to all claims of Obvion against the borrower. This means that the
mortgagor:
no (full or partial) payment of the subordinated claim and the related claim

may assume interest due;

may not take recourse for the subordinated claim and the interest;
may not set off, alienate or . this claim and the interest owed on it;

objections;

accept no security from the borrower for this claim and the interest. This applies

until all claims of Obvion against the borrower have been settled.

Article 9

Proxy
1. The borrower and the mortgagor grant Obvion an irrevocable power of attorney to
to exercise the rights and powers granted to Obvion. As mentioned in this
General Terms and Conditions, the mortgage deed, the deed of loan and/or the law.

2. The mortgagor grants Obvion an irrevocable power of attorney to acquire its share in

to collect the quality account of the notary and to
to demand and collect bank guarantees and deposits.

3. Obvion is authorized to (also) fully or partially grant the powers of attorney granted to it

to grant another. And to act as a counterparty to it on the basis of a
power of attorney to conclude agreements.

4. If Obvion uses a power of attorney, the borrower/mortgage lender may

legal act performed pursuant to that power of attorney.

Article 10 Costs

1. What costs does the mortgagor pay?

a. All costs of establishing, maintaining and exercising the right of mortgage.
Including costs of cancellation, change of rank and renewal of the mortgage
registration.

b. Costs of (re)valuation or inspection of the collateral.
c. All costs that Obvion incurs in connection with the preservation and maintenance of the

collateral.

d. All insurance premiums, payments, charges and taxes paid by Obvion with

relating to the collateral.

e. All costs of establishing, maintaining and exercising the liens attached to

Obvion have been granted.

f. All judicial and extrajudicial costs that Obvion incurs in connection with its right

of mortgage or liens and to exercise and protect its rights.

g. All costs that Obvion incurs in connection with securing the collateral.
h. All costs that Obvion incurs in the context of management, eviction,

taking and foreclosure of the collateral.

i. All fees that Obvion determines in connection with the management of the collateral.

  If Obvion has paid these costs, the mortgagor is obliged to pay them immediately

Obvion to be paid if Obvion so requests.

2. The right of mortgage serves, among other things, as security for repayment of everything

what the borrower/mortgage lender owes to Obvion on the basis of the deed of
money loan.

Chapter Money Loans

A.

Money loan general

Article 11 Joint and several liability of the borrower

1. Each borrower is jointly and severally liable. That means the following. Obvion can do any

appeal to the borrower to:
a. to pay the loan component, the interest, any fine and costs in full to Obvion;
b. all obligations under the deed of loan, including the mortgage deed and the

terms and conditions, to be fully complied with.

2. Obvion may determine that one of the borrowers, the ex-spouse or the ex-registered

partner of a borrower is no longer liable. In these cases, the
other borrower(s) jointly and severally liable.

3. Does a borrower die? Then the heirs are jointly and severally liable as described

under 1 in this article.

4. Do you have a claim against another borrower in connection with the loan? Then your

claim and the interest owed thereon subordinated to all claims of Obvion
on the borrower. This means that you:
no (full or partial) payment of the subordinated claim and the related claim

may assume interest due;

may not take recourse for the subordinated claim and the interest;
may not set off, alienate or . this claim and the interest owed on it;

may not accept any security from the borrower for this claim and the interest.
This applies until all claims of Obvion against the borrower have been settled.

Article 12 More borrowers

1. Has the loan been extended to more than one person? Then there are more borrowers.

Obvion only needs to inform one of you. This information applies to all borrowers.
You must immediately let each other know what information Obvion provides to one of you. Any of
you may make communications to Obvion on behalf of the other. This does not apply if Obvion determines
that notification must be made by all borrowers.

2. Is someone else also liable for the loan? Then Obvion does not have to separate the other

to inform. You must let that other person know what information Obvion has given you. This
information also applies to that other person.

3. You may each separately exercise rights and fulfill obligations related to

the loan. Each of you can do this without the other borrower(s). Any borrower
is bound by this. Is someone else also liable for the loan? Then that one
others also bound. This also applies after the death of one of you or someone who also dies
is liable. This does not apply to the rights and obligations that Obvion determines,
that you must exercise and fulfill them together.

Article 13 What do we agree on about payments?

1. Payments to Obvion:

a. must take place on an IBAN specified by Obvion.
b. Obvion will debit your payment account via direct debit. As a debit of your
account is not possible, for example if there is insufficient balance on your account, then
you yourself ensure timely and correct payment.

c. of the monthly interest and/or repayment must be made no later than the last working day of each month.

d. may be used in a manner and order to be determined by Obvion to:

pay outstanding fines, costs and other amounts;
to pay outstanding interest;
to repay part of the loan.

Obvion may determine which loan component is repaid first. Obvion can also determine this

if Obvion receives money through forced sale or collection of collateral. The same
applies if Obvion otherwise receives money from you or another person for your debt.

2. Does Obvion collect amounts on behalf of another party that you owe to that other party?

Pay? For example, for the contribution to the Savings Account SpaarGerust?

   In that case, Obvion will initially use your payments to pay the amounts that you

owe to Obvion (as stated in article 13.1.d). Finally, the payment
used to satisfy the other party's claim.

   This also applies if Obvion has transferred these amounts to that other party on behalf of or for you

paid. For example, if Obvion transfers the savings for the Savings Account SpaarGerust
paid, because you yourself have not (yet) paid Obvion. In that case may
Allocate Obvion a payment to the amounts that Obvion has on your behalf or for you
paid to the other party. Finally, Obvion may allocate the payment to the
amounts that you have to pay to that other party.

3. Payment takes place at the moment the money is transferred to Obvion's account

credited. The bank where Obvion has its account determines this time.

Article 14 What happens if you pay late?

Is Obvion not receiving an amount due from you on time? For example, because the balance of
your account is insufficient. Then you must pay Obvion penalty interest on the amount you
did not pay on time. Obvion determines how high this penalty interest is. See explanation
General Terms and Conditions on obvion.nl. Obvion calculates this penalty interest per month, from the
day on which you should have paid the amount. Obvion always calculates the penalty interest on whole
months. So even if you have paid an amount late for only part of a month. YOU
must pay the penalty interest on the first day of the month immediately after the month for which you
must pay penalty interest. Do you not pay the penalty interest on time? Then you should also about this
pay penalty interest.

Article 15 What happens if Obvion makes a payment on your behalf or for you?

Obvion is authorized to make a payment on your behalf or for you. When Obvion makes a payment,
for example because you have not paid your premium on time, you are obliged to pay that money immediately
to be repaid to Obvion. You also have to pay penalty interest from the moment of payment
by Obvion. Obvion determines how high this penalty interest is. See General Notes
Conditions on obvion.nl. Obvion calculates this penalty interest per month from the day on which
Obvion has made the payment. Obvion always calculates the penalty interest over whole months. So
even if you have only paid the money late for part of a month. Do you pay the penalty interest
not on time? Then you also have to pay penalty interest on this.

Article 16 Term of the loan

The start and end dates of the loan components determine the term of the loan.
How does Obvion determine the start date?
The start date is the first day of the calendar month following the date of entry
managing the loan. Taking into custody will take place as soon as Obvion has received the documents from the
notary has received. These documents show that the loan has been granted.

What is the end date of the loan? This is the date on which the agreed term
of the originally longest-term loan component ends, calculated on the basis of the above
mentioned start date. At the latest on the end date of the loan (part), the loan (part) must be
have been fully refunded. Can't refund? Then discuss with your intermediary in time
your options.

Article 17 How does Obvion collect the amounts owed?

1. Obvion automatically deducts the amounts that you have to pay to Obvion from your

account. You must give Obvion a power of attorney for this. Obvion must be able to do this power of attorney
to use. And you should be able to use this account. The amount is approximately
debited from your account on the penultimate working day of the month.

2. The first debit will take place in the calendar month in which Obvion receives the documents from
the notary has received. These documents show that the loan has been granted. It is
it is possible that the first debit will not take place until a month later. In that case, the
first debit, after the loan has been provided, from the amount owed on that
month plus the amount due for the remaining days of the month in which the
loan has been provided.

Article 18 How do we calculate the interest for the loan?

Obvion has agreed an interest rate with you. Or if there are more loan components, a
interest rate for each loan component separately. Based on this, Obvion calculates the amount
that you have to pay monthly interest.
The interest calculation starts on the date on which Obvion transfers the money from the loan
to the notary. Obvion calls this the value date.
Obvion calculates the amount that you have to pay in interest on the outstanding debt from
the value date to the end of the month. For each subsequent month until the end of the
term of the loan, Obvion calculates the amount that you have to pay in interest on the loan
debt on the last day of the previous month.
To calculate the amount that you have to pay in interest, Obvion prepares a month
30 days and a year on 360 days. The interest always expires at the end of the month.

Article 19 Own money

Is there a difference between the total cost of acquiring the collateral and the amount of the
money loan? Then you have to pay this difference with your own money.

Article 20 Money in a building fund account

1. If the loan is (partly) intended to build or renovate a home

then Obvion will deposit all or part of the money into a building fund account. Do you want the money from it
use construction depot? Then you must first have permission from Obvion.

   Have you agreed with Obvion that you will pay for part of the construction or renovation yourself?
Then you must first use your own money. You must prove this to Obvion. Only after
you may use the money from the building fund account.

2. If Obvion deposits the loan or part of it into a building fund account, the following applies:

a. the credit on the building fund account has been pledged to Obvion;
b. this pledge serves as security for all claims of Obvion from that loan;
c. a credit on the building fund account can only be transferred or pledged to Obvion;
d. Obvion may decide not to let you use the money in the building fund account. For example

if construction does not proceed according to the construction plan.

3. Do you receive an invoice from the contractor or supplier for the construction or renovation? and are

Do you agree with that bill? Then you can declare that account as follows:
a. You can declare via mijnobvion.nl.
b. You can also declare by copying the construction invoices together with the

to send a signed 'deposit declaration list' to Obvion. This declaration list can
you download from obvion.nl. Or ask your intermediary.

c. Obvion tests these accounts on the following points:

whether the invoices meet the renovation specifications specified by you or whether the agreed additional work;

whether the value of the collateral has increased sufficiently as a result of the work

and matters to which the accounts relate;

whether there is enough money in the building fund account.

4. If Obvion agrees with the bills, there are 3 options.

a. You have not yet paid the bill, the contractor is registered in the Netherlands and

has a Dutch IBAN. Then Obvion uses the money from the building deposit to
bill to pay. Obvion transfers the amount to the contractor or supplier.

b. You have not yet paid the bill and the contractor or supplier is not in the Netherlands

registered or does not have a Dutch IBAN. Then Obvion will transfer the amount to your
account. You must ensure that you pay the invoice of the contractor or supplier.

c. You have already paid the bill and you can prove this to Obvion by means of a

payment receipt. Then Obvion transfers the amount to your account.

5. During the term of the building fund account, you must also pay monthly interest and/or

make repayments on the part of the loan that has been deposited into the building fund account.
For new construction, you can choose from the following for the payment of this monthly amount:
opportunities:
a. the monthly installment will be debited in full from your account. We settle the

compensation interest on the building fund account with the monthly installment.

b. automatic revolving debit of the total monthly amount from your account.
c. full/partial payment of the total monthly amount charged to the building fund account.

   Unless otherwise stated in your application, Obvion assumes that you opt for the

full collection of the monthly installment from your account. We also calculate the
compensation interest with the monthly installment unless otherwise stated in your application.

6. You will receive a monthly interest payment on a credit on the building fund account. The interest-
compensation is equal to the interest rate for the loan less 1%. Are there
more loan components? Then Obvion uses the weighted average of the interest rates
of the individual loan components (including bridging loan) reduced by 1%.

7. Obvion may cancel the building fund account:

  

a. when the construction or renovation is finished or stops;
b. if you have not used the building fund account for 4 months or longer;
c. 2 years after Obvion has deposited the money in the building fund account;
d. if you use the money from the building fund account for something other than construction or renovation.
In these cases, Obvion may use the credit of the building fund account for extra
repayment of the loan. You do not have to pay a fee for this. Exists
your loan from more loan parts? Then Obvion will process this extra refund on the
loan part of your choice. Are you not giving a choice to Obvion? Then Obvion determines on
which loan component is additionally repaid.

8. You will regularly receive an overview of the status of your building fund account.

Article 21 Bridging loan

1. A bridging loan is a loan component with a maximum term of 2 years.
2. You must repay the bridging loan if you own one of the collateral

transfers, but at the latest at the end of the term.

3. Obvion determines the interest rate once a month (last working day) and informs

you about this. If the interest rate changes, your total monthly amount will also change. Therefore
you need to have enough room in your budget. This way you can avoid fluctuations in your monthly payments
catch. How much financial space you need depends on your personal situation.

4. The interest rate is made up of the following variable components:

a. Basic rate
   This is the price Obvion pays for buying money to finance mortgages.
b. saves
  Surcharges in connection with developments on the capital markets and capital costs.
This surcharge covers the costs of the risks that Obvion runs with the financing of
mortgages.

c. Ongoing costs
   With this, Obvion covers part of its operating costs, such as housing and

personnel costs.

d. Gain.
  As a lender, Obvion can add this surcharge to its assets. This states
Obvion is also able to finance mortgages for future customers. in addition
Obvion thus meets the capital requirements of De Nederlandsche Bank. Obvion is
authorized to change the above components if the developments and/or changes
with regard to capital markets and cost of capital, financing risks
of mortgages, ongoing charges, operating charges and rate groups its
give rise to. The amount of the above components can change monthly.
As a result, the interest rate can also change monthly.

5. You may always repay the bridging loan extra, without compensation.
6. The bridging loan is not included in determining the amount of the

original principal of the loan.

Article 22 What do we agree on about extra repayment?

1. You may repay a maximum of 20% extra per loan component per calendar year without reimbursement
of the original principal of that loan component. Obvion calls this the fee-free
sum. Did you not repay anything extra in a calendar year, or only part of this maximum?
amount refunded? In that case, you may use the (remaining) allowed for that calendar year.
additional repayment will not be refunded without compensation in a later calendar year.

2. There may be a minimum amount for an additional (monthly) refund. Obvion

can change this amount during the term of the loan. See “Explanation of the
General Terms and Conditions” on obvion.nl for more information.

3. Do you want to repay more than the reimbursement-free sum of the loan component? Then pays

you pay Obvion a compensation for the amount that exceeds this compensation-free sum.
This compensation is equal to the present value of the interest loss that Obvion suffers
on the amount of the excess. You do not pay more than it actually suffered
financial disadvantage that Obvion has as a result of your additional repayment.

4. You only pay a fee if the interest rate that Obvion uses for a

similar loan component at the time of receipt of the additional repayment is less than
the interest rate that you pay to Obvion.

5. How is the fee calculated?

For the calculation of the compensation, the following questions are important:

1. On what part of the amount of the additional refund do you pay compensation?
2. How does Obvion determine the comparative interest?
3. Over which period is the compensation calculated?
4. How does Obvion determine the interest rate differential?
5. How does Obvion calculate the present value?

1: On what part of the amount of the additional reimbursement do you pay a fee?

  Obvion calculates the compensation that you have to pay on the amount you owe her extra
want to repay. The reimbursement-free sum is first deducted from this amount. How
Obvion determines the reimbursement-free sum, can be found in paragraph 1 of this article of this
Terms and Conditions.

Example:

  You want to repay an additional amount of € 40,000. Your loan consists of one loan component

with an original principal of €175,000. You may use 20% of the original
principal sum of that loan component of € 175,000 per calendar year without additional compensation
pay back. This is € 35,000. Because the amount you want to repay extra is greater than
your reimbursement-free sum, Obvion will calculate a reimbursement of € 5,000 (€ 40,000 - € 35,000).

  Have you used (part of) the reimbursement-free sum before in the same calendar year?

Then we deduct the reimbursement-free sum used from the total reimbursement-free sum
of that calendar year.

2: How does Obvion determine the comparative interest?

  Obvion then determines the comparative interest per loan component on the basis of the interest

at the time of receipt of the additional repayment for a similar loan component.
The comparative interest is the interest rate that Obvion uses for a similar
loan portion at the time of receipt of the additional repayment. with similar
Loan component Obvion means a loan component that, in terms of mortgage type and form, rate group,
and fixed interest period is equal to the mortgage type and form, rate group and remaining
fixed-interest period of the loan component on which you make additional repayments.

  Obvion looks at how long the fixed-interest period of the loan component on which you repay extra

still running. Obvion then checks whether it offers a fixed interest period equal to the remaining
fixed-interest period of the loan component on which you make additional repayments. If so, then the
comparative interest equal to the interest of that fixed interest period at the time of receipt
of the additional refund.

  Does Obvion not offer a fixed-interest period equal to your remaining fixed-interest period? Then
Obvion uses the highest interest rate offered by Obvion as the comparative interest
nearest longer and shorter fixed-rate period.

  When determining the comparator interest rate, Obvion takes the Obvion Flexible rate and the

variable monthly interest.

  Example:
  You have a loan component with an (original) fixed interest period of 10 years. the interest

for this loan component is 3.8%. You will repay this loan component extra after 3 years and 7 months.
The remaining fixed-interest period is then still 6 years and 5 months. A fixed interest period of
Obvion does not offer 6 years and 5 months. That's why Obvion looks to the nearest longer and shorter fixed-rate period that Obvion does offer. The nearest longer
The fixed-interest period is in this case 7 years, with an interest rate of 3.6%. The nearest shorter
The fixed-interest period is in this case 6 years, with an interest rate of 3.4%. The interest that Obvion uses
as a comparative interest rate in this example is 3.6%.

3: Over which period is the compensation calculated?

 
  To determine the period over which the compensation is calculated, Obvion looks at how long
the fixed-interest period of the loan component on which you make additional repayments is still ongoing. call this
we the remaining fixed-interest period.

  Obvion calculates the compensation over the remaining fixed-interest period. Because you a
Obvion Mortgage has with the facility Freedom of Interest, the period from
Freedom of interest deducted from the remaining fixed interest period.

 

Is the end date of the loan component on which you make additional repayments before the end of the
fixed-interest period of that loan component minus the period of Freedom of Interest? Dan uses
Obvion for the period over which the compensation is calculated the end date of that
loan part.

4: How does Obvion determine the interest rate differential?

 
  To understand how the interest rate differential is determined, it is important to

know which mortgage type has the loan component on which you make additional repayments.

 

Is the loan component on which you make additional repayments an Interest-only, Life or
Switch mortgage?

  Obvion first calculates the total amount for which you have to pay compensation

interest with your current interest rate. Then Obvion calculates the total interest with the
comparative interest. The difference between them is the amount of interest that Obvion does not receive
because you pay extra.

 

 

An example of the calculation of the reimbursement for an Interest-Only, Life or
Switch mortgage can be found at obvion.nl/fee.

Is the loan component on which you make additional repayments an Annuity Mortgage or a Linear
mortgage?

  With an Annuity Mortgage or a Linear Mortgage, Obvion takes into account the

course of the planned future repayments of the amount on which you
must pay compensation. Obvion calculates the total interest over this course using your current
interest rate, and the total interest with the comparator interest. The difference between them is
amount of interest that Obvion does not receive because you make additional repayments.

 

 
 

An example of the calculation of the compensation for an Annuity Mortgage and also
An example of a Linear mortgage can be found at obvion.nl/fee.

Is the loan component on which you make additional repayments a SpaarGerust, a Spaar or a
SavingsGuarantee mortgage?

  With a SpaarGerust, a Spaar- or a SpaarGarant mortgage, no

repaid monthly on the loan. You deposit an amount every month on your
SpaarGerust Account or your insurance linked to your Savings or SpaarGarant mortgage.
In addition, your current interest on the accrued savings balance will be reimbursed on a monthly basis and credited to the balance of your SpaarGerust account or your insurance linked
to your Savings or SavingsGarant mortgage. For the calculation of the compensation it is
evolution of the debt minus the accrued savings value of your SpaarGerust
whether your SpaarGarant mortgage is therefore equal to the course of the remaining debt of a
identical annuity mortgage. That is why Obvion calculates the compensation in the same way
as the reimbursement for an Annuity Mortgage.

 

An example of the calculation of the reimbursement for a SpaarGerust, a Spaar or a
SpaarGaranthypotheek can be found at obvion.nl/fee.

5: How does Obvion calculate the present value?

 
  With an extra repayment, you pay the total interest difference to Obvion in one go.
That is why we calculate the interest differences per month back to the moment of extra
refund. The value of these interest differences expressed in an amount is called Obvion
the cash value. The total of these amounts is then the compensation that Obvion
charges you.

6. Do you inform Obvion that you want to make an extra repayment? And do you need for the extra refund

pay a fee? Then you will receive a specification of the compensation. In here
it is explained for each loan component what the compensation is. In Article 23 of these General
Conditions, you can read how to inform Obvion about an additional refund.

7. You pay the reimbursement at the same time as the additional amount you repay.
8. After additional repayment, your monthly amount will change. Obvion fits it

monthly amount owed for the loan component to which you make additional repayments.
This will take effect on the first working day of the month following the month in which
Obvion has received the additional refund.

9. You may repay the loan without compensation in the following cases:

a. you have the home (the collateral to which you are entitled to a mortgage to Obvion

granted) transferred to another person. And You show Obvion that all borrowers
move within one year. Do you transfer the house, or part of it, to:
your husband or wife;
your registered partner;
the person with whom you share a household;
a company or partnership in which you participate.
In that case, the exception does NOT apply that you may take the loan extra without compensation pay back.

b. in the event of the death of a borrower up to one year after death after payment of a
life insurance policy that is used for additional repayment of the loan.

c. if you repay extra with a payment from a life insurance policy or (bank) savings or
investment account pledged to Obvion as security for a loan issued by Obvion to you
loan provided.

d. if you make additional repayments with the credit of the building fund account upon termination of the

construction deposit.

e. in the event of complete destruction of the house.
f. if you make additional repayments on the day on which the fixed-interest period of the loan component ends.
10. Obvion will pay interest on an extra repayment from the date of receipt of the extra payment
refund until the end of the relevant month. On the last day of the relevant
month, the interest payment is automatically settled with the debt of the loan part
on which you pay extra.

Article 23 Notice of an additional refund

Do you want to pay extra? Then you must notify Obvion at least 14 days before the desired
repayment date in writing. You specify the desired repayment date.
Do you pay back the amount to be refunded later than on the specified refund date?
Then you must pay interest on the late repayment. This is called daily interest.
If you make a refund before or on the specified refund date, you will pay from the first
no interest on the refunded amount on the day after payment.

Article 24 Change of assortment

Obvion may purchase mortgage types, mortgage types, fixed-interest periods and services from the
range, add to or change.

Article 25 Amendment of the loan conditions

1. During the term of the loan you can switch to an Obvion Compact

Mortgage. It is not possible to switch to another mortgage type.

2. Do you want to change your mortgage type as described in paragraph 1? Then it's not possible

make other adjustments at the same time. For example, increase or choose your loan
for a different type of mortgage.

3. Do you want to change your loan conditions in the interim? For example, the mortgage type,

the mortgage type, term, interest rate or fixed interest period? The
following rules:
a. In the event of any change, the then current General Terms and Conditions of Obvion from

apply to the total loan.

b. Such a change may require you to pay interest loss compensation of
  Obvion according to the calculation in article 22 of these General Terms and Conditions.
 

In that article, instead of "the time of receipt of the additional refund", read:
“the moment that Obvion receives your request for the change”.

c. A change of mortgage type at the end of the fixed-interest period can lead to a

changed interest rate that corresponds to the chosen mortgage type.

d. A change of mortgage type during the fixed-interest period can lead to a

changed interest rate. You pay the interest rate that applied to the chosen
mortgage type at the time of your last interest rate determination, provided that the
rate group and the individual rate surcharge has not been changed.

e. Changes are only possible if the criteria that Obvion uses at that time are met

for similar loans.

f. The change will be recorded in a binding offer that Obvion will send you. This binding

offer you must accept.

g. You may have to pay costs for a change in the loan conditions, see

for this obvion.nl.

h. At the end of the fixed-interest period of the relevant loan component, you can

part change at no cost.

i. On obvion.nl you will find current information about changing loan conditions and the
costs thereof. Obvion can change the costs during the term of the loan.

j. Obvion is not obliged to comply with a request to change the

loan conditions.

k. In certain cases, you must arrange to change your loan via a

intermediary. This intermediary must be listed on obvion.nl. It could be that
your intermediary charges costs for this. You can find it on obvion.nl
which changes you must arrange through an intermediary and which you do not.

Article 26 Increasing the loan

The loan can be increased if the financing criteria that Obvion
at that time for similar loans. However, Obvion is not obliged to
vote for an increase.
If Obvion agrees to an increase, the following applies:
1. To increase your loan, Obvion adds one or more new loan parts.
2. Was there a registration at the Land Registry when the loan was taken out?

for a higher amount than the loan? Then you can use your loan up to that amount
increase without having to go to a notary.

3. When taking out the loan, DO NOT register an amount higher than the

money loan at the Land Registry? Then you have to go to the notary again for a
new registration to increase your loan. There are costs associated with this.

4. The total loan may not exceed the amount for which the mortgage was granted.
5. In the event of an increase in the loan, the then applicable General Terms and Conditions of

Obvion applies to all loan components.

6. If a different ratio arises between the amount

of the loan and the value of the home, a (other) individual may
rate surcharge on the interest rate of each loan component. The height of the
individual rate surcharge may differ per loan component.

7. You must arrange to increase your loan through an intermediary. This intermediary

must be listed on obvion.nl. Your intermediary may charge costs for this
takes into account.

Article 27 What is the relocation facility?

1. If you buy the house (the collateral to which you have granted a mortgage to Obvion)

sells and repays the current loan, the following applies:
a. Are you buying another home in the Netherlands that you will use as your main residence?

In that case, you may include the interest conditions that have been agreed with you up to a maximum of
the amount you repay at the time of sale. Obvion calls this the take-along scheme.
This means that the interest rate and the remaining fixed interest period of the
money loan paid will apply to a new loan, provided that the
mortgage type does not change. With the take-away arrangement, there may be a
changed rate group and/or mortgage type, as a result of which the interest rate can change.
b. You can pass on the interest conditions of your mortgage up to a maximum of the amount that

you pay back at the time of sale. Obvion calls this the transfer arrangement. This means that
you the interest rate and the remaining fixed-interest period of your repaid loan
to the buyer of your home, provided that the mortgage type is not
changes. In the case of the transfer arrangement, there may be a changed tariff group and/or
or mortgage type, as a result of which the interest rate can change.

 
  Obvion calls these two options the relocation facility.
   
  Do you want to be eligible for the relocation facility? Then submit within three months after
repay your current loan with Obvion, submit an application for a new one
money loan. In doing so, the financing criteria that Obvion has at that time must be met
uses for similar loans.

2. Is there more than one borrower? And do you not, after the sale of the joint home,

joint use of the take-along scheme? For example, in the event of a divorce. Then the
following options:

a. One of you is using the take-along arrangement. This is possible up to a maximum of the

sale refunded amount. The other borrower(s) must waive the
take-away arrangement.

b. All borrowers make use of the take-away scheme. Together they take maximum

the amount refunded at the time of sale. You make a division among yourselves.
For example, with two borrowers, each half. You then renounce the part that you
does not take.

3. The then current General Terms and Conditions of Obvion . will be applied to the new loan(s).

applicable.

4. Does a different ratio arise between the height of the new

loan to be taken out for the house and the value of the house? Then the individual
change the rate surcharge in the interest rate.

5. Applying for the relocation facility must be arranged through an intermediary. This

intermediary must be listed on obvion.nl. Your intermediary may have to do this
charges costs.

Article 28

Information from Obvion to you
1. Obvion will send you a balance statement of the loan every year. This balance statement contains

information that is important for your tax return.

2. Do you disagree with the balance statement? And if you do not respond in writing within 1 month after

provision? In that case, you have approved the balance statement.

3. Obvion will keep your intermediary informed about the progress of your loan.

Article 29 Evidence for Obvion administration

An extract from its administration signed by Obvion is considered complete to you
proof. Unless you can provide evidence to the contrary.

Article 30 When can Obvion demand your loan immediately?

1. Obvion can demand the loan immediately in the following cases. Obvion you need for that

not first give notice of default or meet other requirements.
a. You or a third-party mortgagor do not do (on time) what you or a third-party mortgagor

has agreed with Obvion. For example, you fulfill your obligations from the General
Conditions not (on time) after.

b. You or a third party lender has told Obvion something that is not true or incomplete.
Or you have not told Obvion something that could be important to Obvion.
c. In the opinion of Obvion, you or a third-party mortgagor poses a risk to

the reliability or reputation of Obvion or the financial sector. For example if you
acts unreliably as described in the reading guide 'acting reliably'.

d. You or a third-party mortgagor:

dies;
no longer lives in the Netherlands, or will no longer be living in a few months

live in the Netherlands;
files for bankruptcy or is declared bankrupt;
is placed under guardianship or loses free management of your or his assets;
requests suspension of payment.

e. You or a third-party mortgagor is subject to a statutory debt rescheduling scheme of

has been declared applicable or has been requested to do so.

f. A creditors' agreement is offered by or for you or a third-party mortgagor.
g. The assets of you or a third-party mortgagor are placed under administration or management.

h. The assets of you or a third-party mortgagor will be seized. Or on that

story is sought in a different way.

i. Something is happening that, in Obvion's judgment, has led (or may lead) to a

disproportionate restriction on Obvion's rights.

j. Your collateral or the collateral of a third-party mortgagor:

is transferred, expropriated, requisitioned or confiscated;
is subject to another administrative coercion measure;

becomes worth much less;
are you using for a purpose other than the purpose at the time the right of

gets damaged or is (partially) lost;

mortgage has been granted to Obvion;

is no longer inhabited or will no longer be inhabited within a few months.
k. If there is a lack of title to property. Or Obvion proposes a defect

fixed in a title(s) relevant to it as a mortgagee.

l. An insurance policy must be pledged to Obvion or pledged to Obvion and:

the insurance was not taken out at the time Obvion has agreed with you;
the insurance does not meet the conditions that Obvion sets for the insurance;
the insurance was not pledged to Obvion in time;
Obvion does not have a first pledge on the insurance (first in rank);
the insured persons named in the policy have changed;
the premium has not been paid or has not been paid on time;
you do not fulfill your obligations under the insurance, or do not fulfill them on time or properly. Whether you

does not do what you have agreed with Obvion;

the insurance is surrendered;
the insurance ends prematurely or is made non-contributory;
the insurer adjusts the conditions;
the emergency regulation or the bankruptcy of the insurer is pronounced.

m. A bank savings or investment account is pledged to Obvion and:

the account was not opened at the time Obvion has agreed with you;
the account does not meet the conditions that Obvion sets for this account;
the account was not pledged to Obvion in time;
Obvion does not have a first lien on the account (first in rank);
you do not do what Obvion has agreed with you about the account;
you do not meet your obligations associated with keeping the account, or do not meet them on time, or not properly after;

you have not deposited the deposit amount or not on time in the account;
the account ends. This also applies if Obvion closes the account. And it doesn't matter

explain the reason for such termination;

the emergency regulation or the bankruptcy of the institution where you hold the account,is pronounced.

n. Someone exercises a lien on the collateral.
o. A permit that is required to build, renovate or use your home

breaks, expires or is withdrawn. Or someone does things that are not allowed according to such a
license.

p. Security has been given on an apartment right and the association of apartment

owners decision:
to amend the deed of division or the regulations;
demolish the apartment building;
cancel the split;

that you or a third-party mortgagor may no longer use the apartment right.

q. You have given security on a ground lease or building rights and:

that justice has ended;
this right is expected to end;
change the terms of that right;
you or a third-party mortgagor is not doing what it is required to do under that right of

leasehold or building.

2. You and your transferee(s) under universal title (for example your heirs), are obliged

inform Obvion in writing about facts or circumstances such as in this article
called. This immediately as soon as these have occurred.

3. Has Obvion claimed a loan component? Then you must immediately:

a. repay that loan portion to Obvion;
b. pay all interest still to be paid on that loan component to Obvion;
c. pay any compensation and costs to Obvion. Any compensation

that you have to pay is compensation for the loss of interest that Obvion has and will be
calculated on the basis of the calculation in Article 22 of these General Terms and Conditions.

You don't have to ask Obvion for that.

4. Does Obvion after making the binding offer, but before passing

the mortgage deed, determine that you are acting in violation of the provisions of this article? Or are you
imputably failed to meet your obligations (for example, if you
commit fraud)? In that case, Obvion will not provide the loan. You must also give Obvion a
pay an immediately due and payable penalty of 1% of the principal sum of the goods in the binding offer
said loan.

Article 31 Transfer of claim

Obvion may claim the claims against you arising from the loan and the rights associated therewith
(for example, the right of mortgage and pledges), transfer it to another. Which
can be completely or partially. That's called transference. The party to whom the transfer takes place,
is called 'legal successor'. You agree in advance to a transfer to a legal successor and you
cooperates in ensuring that the securities granted benefit the legal successor.
Upon transfer, the legal successors can independently exercise all rights and powers against
you exercise. If upon transfer the legal successors also take over obligations, they must
fulfill those obligations to you. Obvion proposes the transfer of your personal data
available to the legal successor.

Article 32 Who pays the taxes and costs?

1. At your expense:

a. all taxes related to the loan and the home;
b. all costs related to the loan;
c. all costs related to collateral for the loan; and
d. all costs for collection and enforcement (including legal costs) that Obvion
makes, both in and out of court, with a minimum of € 500.00. For the cost
for collection, you do not pay more than the maximum amount according to the law
Allowed.

2. Taking out a loan can have consequences for the tax you pay.

Obvion does not provide tax advice on your loan. Obvion is not liable for the
tax rules that apply to your loan and the associated products. Not even if you
miss out on a tax benefit. Or disadvantage. You must submit your tax return on time.


Special conditions for various fixed interest periods

In addition to the aforementioned conditions, the following conditions apply. Only the front
values ​​for the fixed interest period(s) agreed with you apply.

Article 33 Fixed interest period of one month (variable monthly interest)

This article applies to loan components with a fixed-interest period of one month, with
application date before March 23, 2009.

1. Obvion determines the interest rate once a month (on the last working day) and divides
this to you in writing. You can also consult the current interest rate via obvion.nl.
2. The interest rate is made up of the basic rate (1-month Euribor) and a surcharge that

determined periodically by Obvion. This storage consists of the following components:

  saves
  Surcharges in connection with developments on the capital markets and capital costs. This

surcharge covers the costs of the risks that Obvion runs with the financing of mortgages.

  Ongoing costs
  With this, Obvion covers part of its operating costs, such as accommodation and personnel costs.

  Gain
  As a lender, Obvion can add this surcharge to its assets.
  This enables Obvion to finance mortgages for future customers as well. in addition

Obvion thus meets the capital requirements of De Nederlandsche Bank.

Individual rate surcharges

 
  The rate group depends on, among other things, the ratio between the mortgage debt
and the market value of the collateral. On the basis of the rate group, among other things, the
amount of the individual tariff surcharge is determined.

Do you have loan components for which the fixed-interest period commenced before 24 April 2017? Then

until the end of the fixed-interest period, the ratio between the
mortgage debt and the foreclosure value* of the home.
For appraisals with a value reference date from 1 January 2013, Obvion uses as
foreclosure value 90% of the appraised market value.

 

  The rate group and the amount of the individual rate surcharge can change, among other things, at:

the start of a new fixed-rate period.

  Obvion is authorized to change the above components if the developments and

or changes in capital markets and capital costs, risks to the
financing mortgages, ongoing costs, operating costs and rate group its for that purpose
give rise to. The amount of the above components can change monthly.
As a result, the interest rate can also change monthly.

3. If the interest rate rises, your monthly payments will rise. That's why you need enough space

have in your budget. This way you can absorb fluctuations in your monthly payments. How much
financial space you need depends on your personal situation.

4. You can always opt for a fixed interest period of longer than one month. Your new fixed-rate period then starts on the first day of the month following the month in which
Obvion receives from you a signed application form for the conversion of the
fixed-rate period. You cannot revoke a choice once made. For the new ones
The fixed-interest period applies the interest rate that Obvion uses on the date on which
Obvion receives your application form. You can find this application form on obvion.nl. Or ask
to your agent.

5. With a fixed-interest period of one month, you can always use this loan component extra without compensation
pay back. There is a minimum amount for an additional refund. Obvion can provide this amount
change during the term of the loan. For more information, see “Explanation of the
General Terms and Conditions” on obvion.nl.

6. A maximum percentage may apply to the part of the debt remaining that you can

finance with variable monthly interest. For the current maximum percentage Variable
monthly interest, see “Explanation of the General Terms and Conditions” on obvion.nl.

Article 34 Fixed interest period of one month (Obvion Flexible Interest)

This article applies to loan components with a fixed-interest period of one month that have commenced
as of November 9, 2009.
1. The interest rate can change daily. You pay the first calendar month it
interest rate that applies on the date of passing at the notary. The rate will be
then recalculated on the 1st of each month on the basis of the applicable
daily rate on the last working day of the previous month. This rate is valid all month and
Obvion will inform you in writing. You can also check the current interest rate via obvion.nl
consult.

2. The interest rate is made up of the following variable components:
 
  base rate
  This is the price Obvion pays for buying money to finance mortgages.
 
  saves
   Surcharges in connection with developments on the capital markets and capital costs. This

  

surcharge covers the costs of the risks that Obvion runs with the financing of mortgages.
 

 
  Ongoing costs
  With this, Obvion covers part of its operating costs, such as housing and

personnel costs.

  

 
  Gain
   As a lender, Obvion can add this surcharge to its assets. This is what Obvion says
is also able to finance mortgages for future customers. In addition, Obvion
this complies with the capital requirements of De Nederlandsche Bank.

Individual rate surcharges

 
 
  The rate group depends on, among other things, the ratio between the mortgage debt
and the market value of the collateral. On the basis of the rate group, among other things, the
amount of the individual tariff surcharge is determined.

  Do you have loan components for which the fixed-interest period commenced before 24 April 2017? Then

until the end of the fixed-interest period, the ratio between the
mortgage debt and the foreclosure value* of the home.

For valuations with a value reference date from 1 January 2013, Obvion uses the execution
value 90% of the appraised market value.

  The rate group and the amount of the individual rate surcharge can change, among other things, at:

the start of a new fixed-rate period.

 
  Obvion is authorized to change the above components if the developments and/
or changes in capital markets and capital costs, risks to the
financing mortgages, ongoing charges, operating expenses and rate groups its
give rise to this. The amount of the above components can be monthly
modify. As a result, the interest rate can also change monthly.

3. If the interest rate rises, your monthly payments will rise. That's why you need enough space

have in your budget. This way you can absorb fluctuations in your monthly payments. How much
financial space you need depends on your personal situation.

4. You can always opt for a fixed interest period of longer than one month. Your new

The fixed-interest period then commences on the first day of the month following the month in which
Obvion receives from you a signed application form for the conversion of the
fixed-rate period. You cannot revoke a choice once made. For the new ones
The fixed-interest period applies the interest rate that Obvion uses on the date on which
Obvion receives your application form. You can find this application form on obvion.nl. Or ask
to your agent.

5. With a fixed-interest period of one month, you can always use this loan component extra without compensation
pay back. There is a minimum amount for an additional refund. Obvion can provide this amount
change during the term of the loan. For more information, see “Explanation of the
General Terms and Conditions” on obvion.nl.

6. A maximum percentage may apply to the part of the debt remaining that you can

finance with Obvion Flexible Interest. For the current maximum percentage of Obvion
Flexible Interest See “Explanation of the General Terms and Conditions” on obvion.nl.

Article 35 Fixed-interest period of longer than one month

What applies to a loan component whose interest is fixed for a period of longer than one month?
month?
1. Obvion does not change the interest during a fixed-interest period, provided that your

rate group, mortgage type and/or mortgage type.

2. The first fixed-interest period always starts on the first day of the month in which Obvion

transferred money to the notary.

3. Obvion will send you an at least three months before the end of your fixed interest period

written offer for new fixed-rate periods for similar loan components. The
Interest rates in the offer are determined by Obvion on the basis of the current
interest rates applied by Obvion and the components from which the interest rates for
similar loan components have been built up. The height of the components that make up the
interest rate has been built up, can change with respect to the interest rate that applies
with regard to the current fixed-rate period.

4. If you opt for the same fixed-interest period as the fixed-interest period you currently have,

then you don't have to do anything. If you opt for a fixed interest period other than the fixed interest period
that you have at that time, you must pass this on to Obvion. For the new ones
fixed-interest period, the lowest interest rate from the period between the date of the
offer from Obvion and the date on which the new fixed-rate period starts (this is called the
fall rate).
5. Did Obvion not receive your choice before the fixed-rate period expires? Then put

Obvion re-fixes the interest for a period equal to the fixed-rate period that
expires.

   Obvion can also fix the interest for a different period. But then Obvion gives that

to her offer. In that case, the interest rate that Obvion at that time applies
offers for similar loan components with that fixed-rate period.

6. Do you not want to make use of Obvion's offer? Then you must report this to

obvion. You must then pay the loan part or the loan parts for which the fixed-interest period ends.
repay on the date on which the fixed-rate period ends. For the refund of
you do not have to pay a fee for this loan component or these loan components on that date
additional refund.

Article 36 Interest free

If you opt for a loan component with a fixed interest period of two months at the start of the loan,
year? In that case, you may choose a different one for that loan component during those two years
fixed-rate period that Obvion has in its range at that time. This is called Interest Free.
The new fixed-rate period starts on the first day of the month following the month
in which Obvion receives your application form. This application form, for converting
You can find the fixed-interest period at obvion.nl. Or ask your intermediary. Does Obvion
If you have not yet received a choice from you three months before the end of the fixed-rate period, then
you will receive an offer as referred to in article 35 under 3. In that case, the same applies
rules as referred to in Article 35 under 4 to 6. Once you have made a choice, you cannot
revoke.

Article 37 Freedom of choice

For each fixed-interest period of two years or longer, in the last year of your
fixed-interest period choose a different fixed-interest period that Obvion at that time
has in its range. This is called Freedom of Choice. This does not apply in the first fixed-rate
period of two years at the start of the loan to which the Interest Freedom applies.
The new fixed-rate period starts on the first day of the month following the month
in which Obvion receives your application form. This application form, for converting
The fixed-interest period can be found on obvion.nl. Or ask your intermediary. Does Obvion
If you have not yet received a choice from you three months before the end of the fixed-rate period, then
you will receive an offer as referred to in Article 35 paragraph 3. In that case, the same rules apply
as referred to in Article 35 under 4 to 6. Once you have made a choice, you cannot
revoke.

Article 38 Interim interest averaging

With intermediate interest rate averaging you benefit from a lower interest rate without compensation. You can use the
fix new interest for a longer period. Obvion calculates from the concerned
loan part the average of your current interest rate and the interest rate of the
newly selected fixed-rate period. When calculating that average, Obvion takes into account
with the (remaining) term of your current fixed-rate period and the term of your new
fixed-rate period. For this calculation, the term of the new fixed interest period
the remaining term of your current fixed-rate period. The average interest rate applies
then as interest for your new fixed-rate period. Interim interest rate averaging is not free. In front of
more information about the administration costs see “Explanation to the General Terms and Conditions” on
obvion.nl. Obvion may change the amount of the administration costs during the term of
your loan.

The following rules apply to interim interest averaging:
1. You can submit a proposal for interim interest averaging at most once every 24 months

to request. You can apply with the application form “Application interim”.
interest averaging”. You can download this from obvion.nl. Or ask your intermediary.

2. Your current interest rate must be higher than the interest rate at the time of

application for a loan from Obvion with the same mortgage type, mortgage type
and fixed-rate period.

3. Interim interest averaging is not possible with a fixed interest period of 24 months or shorter.
4. The current fixed-interest period must have run for at least 24 months.
5. The newly selected fixed interest period is at least equal to the current fixed interest period.
6. The newly selected fixed-rate period may not be longer than the remaining term of the

concerning loan part.

7. In the event of an interim interest rate averaging, the General Terms and Conditions applicable at that time

of Obvion applies to the total loan.

8. The change is governed by a binding offer that Obvion will send you. This binding

offer you must accept.

9. Does your current fixed-rate period not coincide with a fixed-interest period that Obvion
currently offers? Then Obvion goes for the calculation of the average
interest rate based on the interest rate associated with the next longer
fixed-rate period.



Article 39 Linear mortgage

1. With the Linear mortgage you repay the same amount of this loan component every month

to Obvion. In addition, you pay interest to Obvion every month.

2. You repay an equal part of the loan component each month. As a result, the
The amount of this loan component decreases every month. At the end of the term you will have it
loan portion repaid in full.

3. You only pay interest on the part of the loan that you have not yet repaid. YOU
pays interest on an increasingly lower amount, so that the amount you pay in interest
becomes less and less. Your monthly amount will therefore decrease during the term of the loan component. This
has tax implications.

4. Do you want to make additional repayments on the loan component? Then contact Obvion. For the
to determine any compensation to be paid by you, Obvion refers to article 22
of these Terms and Conditions.

5. Ask your intermediary about the tax rules that apply to this type of mortgage

and its consequences.

Article 40 Annuity mortgage

1. With the Annuity Mortgage, you repay part of the loan component every month. in addition
you also pay interest to Obvion every month. You pay, with a fixed-interest period of longer than
one month and during this fixed-interest period, the same monthly amount every month. But
the amount that you repay each month will increase over the term. And the
The amount of interest you pay is getting smaller and smaller. This has tax consequences.

2. With a fixed-interest period of one month, the monthly amount can change every month.

The term of the loan component does not change.


3. The monthly amount may change after each fixed-interest period of longer than one month.

The term of the loan component does not change.

4. You repay part of your loan component every month. At the end of the term,

you have repaid the loan component in full.

5. Do you want to make additional repayments on the loan component? Then contact Obvion. For the
to determine any compensation to be paid by you, Obvion refers to article 22
of these Terms and Conditions.

6. Ask your intermediary about the tax rules that apply to this type of mortgage

and its consequences.

Article 41 SavingsGerust mortgage

1. The SpaarGerust mortgage consists of a loan component and a bank savings account of

Cooperative Rabobank U.A. (hereinafter referred to as: Bank savings account SpaarGerust).
2. The balance on the Savings Account SpaarGerust has been (re)pledged on the basis of the

“agreement of security construction” between you, Obvion and Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A.

3. You will receive the “agreement” together with the (sample) quotation for the loan

security construction”. And also the agreement for the Savings Account SpaarGerust.
You will also receive the General Terms and Conditions that apply to this.

4. The term of the Savings Account SpaarGerust is equal to the term of the loan

part of the SpaarGerust mortgage.

5. Fixed interest periods shorter than 24 months are not possible with the SpaarGerust mortgage.
6. The loan part of the SpaarGerust mortgage must be

amount to a minimum of € 20,000.

7. The amount of the loan component of the SpaarGerust mortgage must always be equal to

the target capital of the Savings Account SpaarGerust. If the target capital of the
Bank's savings account SpaarGerust is reduced, is part of the loan part of the
SpaarGerust mortgage due and payable. This part must then be repaid as soon as possible.
The amount due and to be repaid is equal to the amount by which
the target capital is reduced. The target capital is the amount that the account holder
must build up, to pay the loan part of the SpaarGerust mortgage on the end date of the
repayment term.

8. When the target capital of the Savings Account SpaarGerust has been reached, the loan portion is

of the SpaarGerust mortgage is fully due and payable. In that case, you must complete that loan component
pay back.

9. The account holder must deposit a monthly savings amount into the Bank Savings Account
SaveRelax. The account holder of the Savings Account SpaarGerust is always (one of)
the borrower(s). Does the account holder not deposit an agreed savings amount on time?
Then Obvion can pay the savings on behalf of the account holder, who is also a borrower
  Cooperative Rabobank U.A. Pay. In that case, the account holder owes this amount to

Obvion due. Article 15 (‘What happens if Obvion makes a payment on your behalf or
for you?”) of these General Terms and Conditions applies.

10. Is the binding offer “a tax-free continuation” of an existing policy/

account agreed? Then it is not possible to change the SpaarGerusthypotheek to
the period:
a. from the date of execution of the mortgage deed or from the effective date of the amendment

of the mortgage type, as stated in the binding offer.

b. until the contribution meets the requirements as stated in the General Terms and Conditions

Conditions for the Savings Account SpaarGerust.

11. Every (heir of the) borrower is obliged to the death of (one of) the account holder(s) of the Bank Savings Account SpaarGerust to be notified as soon as possible
obvion. If (one of) the account holder(s) of the Savings Account SpaarGerust dies,
part of the loan portion of the SpaarGerust mortgage is due and payable. That part must
then be refunded as soon as possible. In the agreement of the Bank Savings Account
SpaarGerust states what amount is used for repayment of the loan part of the loan
SpaarGerust mortgage in the event of the death of the relevant account holder.

12. Do you want to make additional repayments on the loan component? Then contact Obvion. For the
to determine any compensation to be paid by you, Obvion refers to article 22
of these Terms and Conditions.

13. Ask your intermediary about the tax rules that apply to this type of mortgage

and its consequences.

Article 42 Savings mortgage (June 6, 2007 - October 1, 2012)

The following provisions apply to Savings-Based Mortgages for which between 6 June 2007 and 1
October 2012 a quote has been requested. Obvion no longer provides new savings mortgages.
1. The Savings Mortgage consists of a loan component and a pledge to be pledged to Obvion

savings mortgage insurance.

2. The term of this mortgage savings insurance is equal to the term of the loan component

of the Savings Mortgage.

3. This insurance is taken out with the insurer stated in the offer. Obvion has

selected this insurer. See also Explanation of the General Terms and Conditions on obvion.
nl. You have the conditions for the insurance together with the offer for the loan
receive. You pay the premiums owed to the insurer.

4. A fixed-interest period of one month is not possible with the Spaarhypotheek.
5. Do you want to make additional repayments on the loan component? Then contact Obvion. For the
to determine any compensation to be paid by you, Obvion refers to article 22
of these Terms and Conditions.

6. Ask your intermediary about the tax rules that apply to this type of mortgage

and its consequences.

Article 43 Savings mortgage (until 6 June 2007)

The following provisions apply to Savings Mortgages for which an offer has been submitted before June 6, 2007
requested. Obvion no longer provides new savings mortgages.
1. The Savings Mortgage consists of a loan component and a pledge to be pledged to Obvion

savings mortgage insurance.

2. The term of this mortgage savings insurance is equal to the term of the loan component

of the Savings Mortgage.

3. This savings mortgage insurance is taken out with the insurer stated in the offer

mention. Obvion has selected this insurer. See also “Explanation of the General
Conditions” on obvion.nl. You have agreed the conditions for the insurance together with
receive the loan offer. You pay the premiums owed to the
insurer.

4. A fixed-interest period of one month is not possible with the Spaarhypotheek.
5. Do you want to make additional repayments on the loan component? Then contact Obvion. For the
to determine any compensation to be paid by you, Obvion refers to article 22
of these Terms and Conditions.

6. Ask your intermediary about the tax rules that apply to this type of mortgage

and its consequences.

Article 44 SpaarGaranthypotheek (1 January 2005 – 1 October 2010)

The following provisions apply to SpaarGarant mortgages for which before 1 October 2010
a quote has been requested. Obvion no longer provides new SpaarGarant mortgages.
1. The SpaarGarant mortgage consists of a loan component and the SpaarGarant insurance. The

SavingsGarant insurance must be pledged to Obvion.

2. The term of this Savings Guarantee Insurance is equal to the term of the loan component

of the SpaarGaranthypotheek.

3. The SpaarGarant insurance is taken out with the insurer stated in the offer.

See also “Explanation of the General Terms and Conditions” on obvion.nl. The conditions for the
You have received insurance together with the quote for the loan.

4. A fixed-interest period of one month is not possible with the SpaarGaranthypotheek.
5. Do you want to make additional repayments on the loan component? Then contact Obvion. For the
to determine any compensation to be paid by you, Obvion refers to article 22
of these Terms and Conditions.

6. Ask your intermediary about the tax rules that apply to this type of mortgage

and its consequences.

Article 45 Life mortgage

1. A Life Mortgage consists of a loan component and a capital or

mixed life insurance. This insurance must be pledged to Obvion.

2. The term of this life insurance policy is equal to the term of the loan part of the

life mortgage.

3. You may choose with which insurer established in the Netherlands you take out this insurance.

You pay the premiums owed to the insurer of your choice.

4. Before the loan is provided, the insurer must confirm to Obvion that the
insurance application has been accepted. Or send the policy to Obvion.
5. Instead of a life insurance policy, an investment account may also be pledged to Obvion

turn into. This as security for the repayment of the loan.

6. You may only maintain an investment account with an institution listed in the

“Explanation of the General Terms and Conditions” on obvion.nl.

7. Ask your intermediary about the tax rules that apply to this type of mortgage

and its consequences.

Article 46 Switch mortgage (until 1 March 2007)

Obvion no longer provides new Switch mortgages.
1. The Switch mortgage consists of a loan component and a switch insurance. the switch-

insurance must be pledged to Obvion.

2. The term of this switch insurance is equal to the term of the loan part of the

Switch mortgage.

3. The switching insurance is taken out with the insurer stated in the offer.

See also “Explanation of the General Terms and Conditions” on obvion.nl. The conditions for the
You have received insurance together with the quote for the loan.

4. A fixed-interest period of one month is not possible with the Switch mortgage.
5. Ask your intermediary about the tax rules that apply to this type of mortgage

and its consequences.

Article 47 Interest-only mortgage

1. The Interest-only mortgage is a type of mortgage whereby you, during the term of the

loan component only pays interest.

2. You must repay this loan component to Obvion at the end of the term. For example

with your savings. Or with the proceeds from the sale of your home.

3. Ask your intermediary about the tax rules that apply to this type of mortgage

and its consequences.


Article 48 Tax disclaimer

1. If a life insurance policy has been taken out that has been pledged to Obvion, an instruction to

payment of the insurance must be signed.

  This distribution order is intended to strengthen the inheritance law position of the

payee, who signs the payment order. This compared to the (other)
heirs if the insured dies.

   Signing this payment order may have legal and tax consequences.

For example, for the payment of inheritance tax.

   These consequences are related to the personal situation of the beneficiary and of the
insured. For example, in the case of prenuptial agreements, partnership conditions or a
will.

   The beneficiary is responsible for checking what these consequences (may)
to be. Obvion is not liable for this. The beneficiary must therefore
signing the payment instruction request advice from a civil-law notary or a financial officer
(tax) advisor.

2. Your personal circumstances, the use of the financing, the use of the

collateral, changes in laws and regulations and the explanation thereof may have an influence
on the tax treatment of the loan and the related products. Obvion
is not liable for the tax treatment. Not even if you have a tax benefit
goes wrong. Or disadvantage. If facts or circumstances arise that could have consequences
for tax treatment, you should ask for advice from experts yourself.

Article 49 Personal data

For the processing of personal data, reference is made to the Privacy Statement of
obvion. See obvion.nl.

Article 50 Applicable law

The relationship between Obvion and the borrower is governed by Dutch law, unless
mandatory law determines otherwise or has agreed otherwise.
