Article 1 Definitions
In the mortgage deed and in this chapter, the following definitions apply:

lender:
the (financial) institution or its legal successor that provides the funds for the mortgage
cairy loan from the borrower;

Borrower:
the one or those, both jointly and separately, for whose debts is mortgaged 
granted;

mortgagor:
the person or those, both together and individually, whose registered property with mortgage 
is encumbered for the benefit of the lender;

Right of mortgage:
as security that the borrower will repay the loan to the lender, the 
mortgagor to the lender the right of mortgage on collateral. The right
of mortgage means that the lender may sell the collateral if the borrower 
does not fulfill its obligations; 

pledge:
as security that the borrower will repay the loan to the lender, the 
mortgagor and/or borrower a right of pledge to the lender, for example on 
insurance, (bank) savings accounts or other matters. The right of pledge means that the
lender may enforce the pledged property if the borrower fails to fulfill his obligations 
fulfills;

mortgage deed:
the notarial deed in which the mortgagor mortgages and pledges to the lender 
has granted on the collateral;

Deed of Loan:
the written document(s) in which the loan is recorded, such as the offer, 
mortgage deed and the General Terms and Conditions;

Registered property: 
this is a property that by law must be registered in certain registers, 
like a house. By registering everyone can see who it belongs to and whether there is a
other real right (for example a mortgage) at rest; 
Collateral:
the registered property or property, both together and separately, on which at least 
mortgage has been granted for the benefit of the lender, and the goods that have been given to the lender 
pledged.

Article 2 Obligations of the mortgagor
The lender is obliged:
1. the collateral:

a properly and in accordance with the legal regulations;
b. in good condition and to take all necessary measures in a timely manner and

to perform (or have performed) all required activities in a timely manner;

c. to have it (re)valued at his expense if the lender has indicated this

to deem desirable;

2. the lender or his authorized representative(s) for the purpose of inspection and/or (re)valuation 

to grant free access to the collateral at all times. Lender can borrower and
oblige the mortgagor to make an additional repayment or to provide additional security 
if and to the extent that, after inspection and/or (re)valuation, in the opinion of 
lender is desirable, whereby the extra security can also consist of the conversion 
of an amortization form;

3. all charges and taxes owed in respect of the collateral, punctually 

to fulfil;

4. the collateral and all associated components to the satisfaction of the lender 
with a reputable, solid, insurance company that 
may carry on the non-life insurance business in the Netherlands, according to the rebuilding value 
insure and keep insured against fire and storm damage, explosion, 
damage caused by lightning, aircraft damage and other hazards for which 
insurance of the collateral is customary. In the event that the mortgage deed contains a
apartment right as referred to in Section 5:106 of the Dutch Civil Code is (jointly) connected, applies 
the obligation with regard to this apartment right only insofar as the 
insurance has not been taken out by the association of apartment owners;

5. insurance policies and proofs of payment of insurance premiums on 

 

first request and to be submitted to the lender within fourteen days.
If at any time it appears that the collateral is not to the lender's satisfaction 
insured, the lender has the right for the account of the borrower and mortgagor 
to insure the collateral against the risks as referred to in paragraph 4 of this article and 
to keep insured;

6. to provide the lender with all information, data and documents on first request 

which the lender deems necessary to be able to exercise its mortgage rights;

7. to inform the lender without delay of damage to the collateral that a 

results in a significant decrease in the value of the collateral;

Article 3 

8. immediately after the occurrence of the damage, provide all such data to the lender 

provide information that may be of importance to the lender for the determination of the 
identity of the insurance company that, on the basis of an insurance
is obliged to pay out the agreement and/or from the person(s) who has/
have caused.

  In the event of damage, the mortgagor undertakes to pay an insurance company 

or an offer of payment made by another (legal) person only to 
accept after obtaining written permission from the lender;

9. to immediately inform the lender of:


bankruptcy or the application or declaration thereof of the borrower or mortgage
giver;

application to obtain a moratorium or application for a debt

rescheduling scheme of the borrower or mortgagor;

transfer, expropriation, claim or forfeiture of the collateral; 
termination or threatened termination of an insurance policy relating to the

House;
any other factual or legal circumstance giving rise to enforcement 
of the collateral, reducing the collateral value of the collateral 
can reduce, or that for the lender in connection with its mortgage right of 
can be important.

Prohibitions
1. The mortgagor is prohibited from using the collateral or having it used in violation of 
laws and regulations, or to perform any activity in the collateral, or 
that is in violation of laws and regulations.

2. Without the lender's prior written consent, the mortgage

giver forbidden:
a. rent, lease, or otherwise use the collateral or 

to tolerate its use by third parties, advance payment of rent or lease
to stipulate or accept tokens, the right to rent or lease payments  
to alienate, pledge or otherwise encumber;

b. a man-share property partly intended for the benefit of the collateral to the other

transfer co-owners;

c. encumber the restricted collateral or enter into an agreement

going to tolerate or not do something with regard to the collateral;
d. to change the layout, shape or purpose of the collateral;
e. to dispose of the collateral, including contribution to a legal person,

general partnership, partnership or any other joint venture;

f. to enter into a hire-purchase agreement with regard to the collateral;
g. divide the collateral, divide it into apartments, relinquish

easements or to waive any rights against third parties who have 
bound to tolerate something with regard to a registered property belonging to them 
or not to do;

h. buildings or other works or elements of the collateral wholly or

partially broken down or removed, and fruits and plants otherwise 
than usual to harvest, grubbing up or felling;

i. with regard to the collateral excavations, excavations, excavations or

perform or tolerate similar acts;

j. to use the collateral for purposes other than the purpose at the time 

on which the right of mortgage on the collateral is established.

Article 4 Defense against claims, directions and notices
The lender is authorized to put forward a defense and legal remedies on behalf of the mortgagor 
against claims, indications or notices against the mortgage
lender or made to him with regard to the collateral by virtue of any 
statutory regulation, such as the Expropriation Act, the Obstacles Act 
Private law, the Monuments Act, the Housing Act, the Nature Conservation Act.

Article 5 Pledge of rights
1. The rights that the mortgagor has in the mortgage deed for equal security as 

for which the mortgage has been granted to the lender are:
a. if a mortgage has been granted on a ground lease, subleasehold, superficies or 
other limited right: all rights that the mortgagor has under the mortgage deed 
and pursuant to any statutory provision towards the land owner or leaseholder 
may assert, including rights to compensation or payment 
upon termination of the right of long lease, subleasehold, superficies or other limited 
straight;

b. if the collateral has been rented out or otherwise given into use: all

rights that the mortgagor under the lease or use agreement towards 
the tenant or user can assert, including the right to 
collect rental or usage fees;

c. if the collateral is encumbered with an easement, a right of
ground lease or subleasehold, a right of superficies, a right of usufruct, 
use or occupancy, a limited right as referred to in Article 5 of the 
Private Law Barriers Act, or any other limited right: all rights that 
mortgagor pursuant to an agreement or pursuant to the law towards the limited 
entitled party, including the right to claim the fee, the 
to collect ground rent or any other consideration;

d. all rights that the mortgagor, for whatever reason, has vis-à-vis third parties with

relating to the collateral, such as rights to indemnification for 
expropriation of the collateral or of part thereof.

2. Insofar as these rights could not yet be pledged at the time of the mortgage 

become, the mortgagor is obliged to grant these rights as soon as they are available for pledging 
become liable to be immediately pledged to the lender. The lender is also authorized
pledge these rights to himself as security as for which the mortgage 
has been granted.

3. The mortgagor is obliged to provide the lender on first request with all information, 

to provide information and documents that the lender deems necessary for its pledge
to exercise rights.

4. Without the lender's prior written consent, the mortgage

giver:
a. not transfer rights pledged to the lender;
b. do not further encumber rights pledged to the lender with any limited right;
c. make no arrangements with regard to rights pledged to the lender;
d. not waive any rights pledged to the lender.

5. Lender has the right at all times to notify the lien to 
the person(s) whose lender deems it desirable that he/she has knowledge of 
the liens.

6. The lender has the right to recover from claims with regard to the pledged rights in 

and to claim performance and/or payment out of court and with the relevant 
debtor(s) to make arrangements.

7. Paragraphs 3 to 6 of this article also apply to the liens that the lender has 

has on the basis of the law. 

Article 6 Enforcement sale of the collateral
1. If the lender proceeds to enforce the sale of the collateral, he has the 

choice between public sale before a notary to be designated by him 
and private sale with the approval of the preliminary relief judge of the
Bank.

2. In the event of an enforceable sale, the lender is authorized to:

a. to subdivide and/or subdivide the collateral into apartments;
b. to sell the collateral in parts;
c. to establish auction or sales conditions;
d. to establish easements and/or qualitative obligations;
e. to exercise all rights under the purchase agreement, insofar as the law applies

not oppose it;

f. suspend or cancel an intended or commenced sale.

3. The mortgagor is obliged:

a. to the civil-law notary charged with the sale, or to the preliminary relief judge of the 

court before which a request for approval of a private sale is submitted 
submitted:
all information and data concerning the collateral required by it 

to provide;

to hand over the documents and evidence relating to the collateral 

set;

b. enable candidates to determine the collateral on the lender

days and times to be viewed;

c. in the event of a public sale, the collateral before the start of the auction

completely vacated and put it at the free disposal of the buyer, whereby the 
costs thereof are for the account of the mortgagor;

d. in the case of private sale, the collateral before the expiry date
of the notarial deed of transfer completely and at the free disposal of the 
buyer, whereby the costs thereof shall be borne by the mortgagor 
come.

4. When on movable property intended to be subject to the right of mortgage, 

to serve immovable property on a permanent basis, is a pledge for the benefit of the lender 
established, the lender is authorized to jointly transfer the pledged items and the registered property in accordance with 
to execute the rules applicable to mortgages.

5. The lender brings what he has with regard to the enforceable sale of the collateral 
will be deducted from the borrower's debts incurred by the mortgage 
covered. Amounts received are primarily intended to deduct the costs,
then deducted from the interest accrued and finally deducted from the 
loan and the accrued interest.

Article 7 Management and eviction
1. The lender is authorized to:

a. to be taken into administration if the mortgagor in its obligations towards the lender 

seriously deficient and the preliminary relief judge of the court 
authorizes to do so;

b. to take possession if required with a view to the execution.  

In that case, the mortgagor is obliged, at the first request of the lender, to 
to vacate the collateral in full or to have it vacated and at the free disposal of the lender 
the costs thereof shall be borne by the mortgagor.

2. Insofar as the preliminary relief judge of the district court does not determine otherwise, 
lender, in conducting the management, in any case have the right to 
account of the mortgagor and in a manner to be determined by the lender:
a. to take care of the administration and exploitation with regard to the collateral or 

to have them taken care of and to charge a fee for this;

b. to maintain and/or repair the collateral;
c. to rent out the collateral or to give it in use at the lender's discretion
conditions; to terminate or dissolve rental or use agreements;
receive and discharge rental or usage fees;

d. make all payments in respect of the collateral, including

insurance premiums, taxes and business expenses;

e. to exercise all rights and powers that the mortgagor with regard to

to the collateral insofar as this is done by . for the management of the collateral 
lender is deemed necessary.

Article 8 Mortgage provision by third party(ies)
1. Without prejudice to the other provisions of these General Terms and Conditions, the 

mortgagor who is not a borrower:
a. do not derive any rights from the fact that other security provided to the lender

be given today by this award;

b. costs incurred by him for the benefit of the collateral shall never be

reclaim giver;

c not require lender to pledge when lender proceeds to sale 

and/or mortgage-encumbered property of the borrower also included in the sale 
acquire or sell first.

2. If the mortgagor who is not a borrower, as a result of the foreclosure of the 

collateral has a claim on the borrower, then this claim is subordinated 
in all claims of the lender against the borrower.

Article 9 Power of Attorney
The mortgagor grants/grant to the lender an irrevocable power of attorney - with the
right of substitution - to change the information provided to it in these Terms and Conditions, and/or the
mortgage deed, and/or the deed of loan and/or the rights granted by law and
to exercise powers.

Article 10 Costs
1. To be borne by the borrower:

a. all costs of establishment, maintenance and exercise of the mortgage right - 

including costs of cancellation, change of rank and of any 
renewal of the mortgage registration;

b. costs of valuation or revaluation of the collateral;
c. insurance premiums paid by the lender in respect of the collateral or

envelopes, charges and taxes;

d. all costs of establishment, maintenance and exercise by the borrower

pledges granted and/or to be granted to the lender;

e. all judicial and extrajudicial collection costs incurred by the lender in connection

with its mortgage and/or liens or otherwise to protect and 
exercise of his rights.

Insofar as the lender has paid these costs, the borrower is obliged to pay these costs 
to immediately reimburse the lender on first request.

2. If the lender takes or takes care of the collateral, the borrower is 

obliged to immediately pay to the lender on first request:
a. all costs incurred by the lender in the context of the management or underwriting of 

has made the collateral;

b. the amount to be determined by the lender in the context of the management by him

fees.

3. The right of mortgage also serves as security for repayment of everything 
the borrower owes to the lender on the basis of these General Terms and Conditions 
is. 

Chapter Money Loans

A. 

Definitions
In the deed of loan and in this chapter, the following definitions apply:

Borrower, you:
the person or those, both together and individually, to whom the lender has made a loan 
has provided;

lender:
the (financial) institution or its legal successor that provided you with the loan;

money loan:
the total amount lent to you by the lender on which these General Terms and Conditions 
have been declared applicable;

Loan part:
part of the loan to which separate conditions apply;

Mortgage type:
the type of loan, such as the Obvion Mortgage, the Obvion Basis 
Mortgage, or the Obvion Compact Mortgage; 

Repayment form:
also referred to as 'mortgage form': the way in which you pay the loan or the loan component 
repays to the lender, such as the SpaarGerust mortgage; 

mortgage deed:
the notarial deed in which the mortgagor mortgages and pledges to the lender 
has granted on the collateral;

Deed of Loan:
the written document(s) in which the loan is recorded, such as the offer, 
mortgage deed and the General Terms and Conditions;

Debt:
the part of the loan that has not yet been repaid;

Fixed interest period:
a period agreed with you during which the lender charges the interest applicable to a loan component 
will not change;

Third party lender:
the person, other than the borrower, who provides additional security for the benefit of the lender 
for the satisfaction of all that the lender has to claim from the borrower on his 
collateral has granted the right of mortgage;

Registered property: 
this is a property that by law must be registered in certain registers, 
like a house. By registering everyone can see who it belongs to and whether there is a
other real right (for example a mortgage) at rest; 

Collateral:
the registered property or property, both together and separately, on which at least 
mortgage has been granted for the benefit of the lender, and the goods that have been given to the lender 
pledged.

b. 

Money loan general

Article 11 Joint and several liability of the borrower
The borrower is jointly and severally liable for the correct payment of interest and principal. 
If more people have committed themselves as borrowers for the loan, each person can 
the borrower is held jointly and severally liable - so each for the whole - 
for all obligations from the deed of loan, including the mortgage deed and this 
Terms and Conditions. If the lender vis-à-vis a borrower, or towards a
person who is liable on the basis of (article 80b junto) article 102 book 1 of the 
Civil Code waives its right to claim, the lender will retain 
expressly reserves all rights and every remaining borrower remains jointly and severally 
liable for the entire loan. Also your legal successors under universal title
are jointly and severally - so each for the whole - liable for your obligations, unless 
provided otherwise by law or regulation.

Article 12 More borrowers
1. The lender only needs to inform one borrower. This borrower must

immediately pass on information to the other borrowers. The information applies to
all borrowers. Each borrower may grant to the lender on behalf of the other borrowers
make announcements. This does not apply if the lender determines that a communication by
all borrowers must be done. 

2. Each borrower is individually authorized, also on behalf of other borrowers, to  

to perform all (legal) acts related to the loan, the deed 
of a loan, including these General Terms and Conditions. This does not apply if
lender determines that a legal act must be jointly performed by all borrowers 
be performed.

Article 13 Payments
1. Payments to Lender:

- must take place in a manner to be indicated by the lender by doing 

crediting the amounts owed to a bank specified by the lender 
bank/giro account;

- of the monthly interest and repayment due at the latest on the 

last working day of each month;

- stretch in the first place to reduce the cost, then to reduce 
of the interest due and finally deducted from the (residual) principal of 
the loan and the accrued interest.

2. If the lender collects on behalf of another party amounts that you owe to that other party 
party has to pay, for example a premium for an insurance policy or a deposit for 
a (bank) savings or investment account, then payments serve in the first place 
deducted from all that is owed to the lender, in the order: 
as described above. Finally, a payment will be deducted from the
amounts owed to another party. This also applies if the lender
paid these amounts on behalf of or for you to that other party, for example 
if the lender has paid the savings deposit for the Robeco Bank Savings Account. 
In that case, the lender may attribute the payment last to the amounts 
that you have to pay to that other party and it may attribute a payment to it in advance 
the amounts that it has paid to that other party on your behalf or for you.

3. Payment has taken place at the time when the lender's account is 

credited. This time is indicated by the bank where the lender is
account persists.

Penalty for late payment
If the lender pays a loan to him by virtue of the deed of loan, including this 
General Terms and Conditions and/or the mortgage deed has not received the amount due on time 
received, from the due date, the borrower is liable for the amount not received on time 
penalty interest due. The percentage is determined periodically by the lender, see
www.obvion.nl. This penalty interest is payable monthly. If borrower during
is in default for part of a month, the penalty interest is calculated on a 
whole month. The penalty interest is immediately claimable.

Repayment of amounts paid by the lender
If the lender has made a payment on behalf of or for the borrower, the borrower is 
is obliged to immediately repay the amount of the payment to the lender.
From the moment of payment by the lender, the borrower is liable for the amount paid 
owe a penalty interest. The percentage is determined periodically by the lender,
see www.obvion.nl. This penalty interest is payable monthly. If the borrower
is in default for part of a month, the interest is calculated on a 
whole month. The penalty interest is due from the moment of payment by money
giver.

Article 18 Term of the loan
For determining the end date of the loan, the start date is the first day 
of the calendar month following the date on which the loan is taken into management. 
The loan is taken into administration as soon as the documents showing that the loan is 
has been provided, has been received by the lender from the civil-law notary. The end date of the money
loan is the date on which the agreed term of the original longest
current loan component ends, calculated from the aforementioned start date.

Collection owed amounts
You are obliged to authorize the lender to pay the amount owed by you with regard to the loan 
to be able to collect amounts automatically from a bank or giro account at 
an institution established in the Netherlands. The amounts due are approximately
collected three working days before the end of the month. 

The first collection takes place after the documents showing that the loan has been 
provided, have been received from the notary by the lender. This makes it possible that the
first debit takes place in the month after taking out the loan. In that
In this case, the first debit consists of the amount owed for that month plus 
with the amount owed for the month in which the loan was taken out.

Interest calculation
You pay the interest agreed with you for making the loan available 
owed under the amount stated in the deed of loan, including the offer and this 
General Terms and Conditions, said provisions.
The interest calculation takes effect on the value date on which the lender has transferred funds.
made to the notary. The interest for the loan is calculated on the basis of
the agreed interest rate or, if there are more loan components, the interest
percentage for each loan component separately.
The interest is calculated from the aforementioned date until the end of the month 
on the amount of the debt. For each subsequent month up to and including the end of the
term of the loan, the interest is calculated on the amount of the debt per 
the end of the preceding month.
For the calculation of the interest, a month on 30 days and a year on 360 days is used 
asked. The interest always expires at the end of the month.

Article 19 Own resources
If you have indicated that you have your own resources, you must 
using resources to make up a difference between the total acquisition costs of the 
collateral and the amount of the loan.

Article 20 Money in a construction account (construction account)
1. Only if the loan is intended for a (new) house yet to be built 

or house to be renovated and after approval of the lender, the loan
amount transferred in whole or in part to a construction account. About a credit
may only be used on the construction account with the permission of the lender 
has.

2. If the lender has the loan or part thereof available to you 

stated by booking on a construction account, the following applies:
by accepting the offer you pledge the credit on the construction account to 

lender;

that pledge serves as security for all claims of the lender that 

money loan;

a credit on the construction account can only be transferred to the lender 

or pledged;

as long as there is no case in which the loan is immediately due and payable, 
the lender will waive its right of pledge on the amounts over which you may 
as determined under 3 and 7 below.

3. Invoices received by you (from your contractor) for the construction or renovation must be 

send you to lender. These can also be copies. These accounts serve
together with the 'declaration list construction account' signed by you to money
to be sent. You can download this declaration list from www.obvion.nl
or ask your intermediary.

The lender checks these accounts against, among other things, the renovation

specification. The lender also tests whether the value of the collateral is sufficient
increased by the items and/or works to which the accounts relate. 
When these submitted accounts for the lender are approved, the lender books 
transfer the amounts due from these accounts to the creditor of the 
accounts or to the borrower if the latter has already settled the accounts. This applies
only if the credit on the construction account is sufficient. Additional work notes become
only paid by the lender if this additional work was known when the  
the quote for your loan.

4. During the term of the construction account, you must also submit the monthly in respect of  
to pay the entire amount due in interest and/or repayment of the loan.  
In the case of new construction, you can pay this monthly amount due 
choose from the following options:
automatic debit of the total monthly amount due 

from a bank or giro account;

partial/full payment of the monthly amount owed 

of the construction account.

Unless stated otherwise in the application, the lender assumes that you have chosen 
for payment of the monthly amount due from the construction account.

5. You will receive interest on a credit on the construction account. The interest rate
percentage that applies to the calculation of the compensation is equal to the interest
percentage for the loan less 1%. If there are more loan parts
the lender uses the average of . for the calculation of the interest 
the interest rates of the individual loan components (including bridging loan) 
reduced by 1%.

6. From the moment that the construction account is opened, it may be a maximum of two years 

walk. After the expiry of this term, the lender may use the credit for:
extra repayment of the loan, without incurring a penalty for early payment 
repayment is due.

7. When the construction or renovation is finished and after that a credit on the construction account 

or if you do not have the credit for four consecutive calendar months 
on the construction account as described under b above, the lender may 
use that credit for extra repayment of the loan, without having to 
owe a penalty for early repayment. Does your loan consist of
more loan components, then this extra repayment will be made on the amount of money you have chosen and
loan portion passed on to the donor. In the absence of such choice,
lender on which loan component is repaid.

8. You will regularly receive an overview of the status of your construction account.

bridging loan
1. A bridging loan is a loan component with a maximum term of 2 years.
2. The bridging loan must be repaid if you in 

transfers ownership, but at the latest at the end of the term.

3. The lender determines the interest rate once a month (last working day) and 

communicate this to you. If the interest rate changes, the monthly rate also changes
amount due.

4. You may always repay the bridging loan early without penalty.


Article 22 Early repayments
1. You may not exceed 10% of the original loan amount of . per calendar year 

partially early repay the relevant loan component without penalty.

  If no early repayment has been made in a calendar year, the 

repayments permitted for that calendar year without penalty no longer take place in 
a later calendar year.

2. There is a minimum amount for a partial early repayment. This amount  

can be changed by the lender during the term of the loan, see  
www.obvion.nl. 

3. If early repayment is made for an amount greater than 10% of the 

original loan amount of the relevant loan component, you are over the 
amount by which this 10% is exceeded, owes a penalty to the lender 
equal to the present value of the loss of interest of the amount of the
ascension.

16
4. The present value of the loss of interest over the amount of the overrun 

is calculated by the lender in the following way:
I percentage
The difference between the interest rate applicable to the relevant loan component
percentage and the lender, at the time of receipt of the amount of the 
early repayment, for a comparable loan from the lender at that time 
applicable interest rate for a fixed-rate period equal to the remaining interest
fixed period. If the remaining fixed-rate period does not coincide with a
the fixed interest period used by the lender at that time, is used for the calculation 
of the present value, based on the interest rate that corresponds to the next 
shorter fixed-rate period.
II period
For the calculation of the present value, the remaining fixed-interest period 
to be understood as the period from the time of receipt of the amount of the 
early repayment until the agreed final repayment date. Or until the first
next interest rate reset date of the loan component on which the early repayment 
takes place if this interest rate reset date precedes it.

5. Any fine charged for partial repayment will be settled by the lender against 

the partially repaid amount.

6. Partial repayment has adjustment of the monthly amount due 

result.

  The lender adjusts the monthly amount due from the relevant 

loan portion with effect from the first working day of a month following the 
month in which the lender's account is credited for the amount of the 
partial repayment.

7. You are liable for a penalty for early repayment under paragraphs 1 and 3 of this article 

not owed:
upon legal transfer of the collateral, and you are to the satisfaction of the lender 
demonstrates that all borrowers are moving in connection with that transfer. below
legal transfer does not include the legal transfer of a share 
in the collateral;

in the event of the death of a borrower up to one year after that death;
if the repayment is made by means of a benefit, whether or not after death 

of a borrower, under an endowment/combined life insurance policy that 
has been pledged to the lender as security for a loan provided to you by the lender 
money loan;

if the repayment is made by means of a benefit, whether or not after death 
of a borrower, under a (bank) savings/or investment account that has been pledged 
is to the lender as security for a loan provided to you by the lender;

if the repayment is made by means of a credit on the construction account;
in the event of complete destruction of the collateral;

Article 25 

for the repayment of a bridging loan;
upon repayment on the day on which the fixed-rate period ends;
when the interest rate for similar to be provided by the lender at that time 
money loans - in terms of repayment form and the remainder of the fixed-rate period or in addition to shorter ones 
fixed-rate period equal to the one you wish to repay - on the day of 
repayment is equal to or higher than the interest rate of the 
unload loan portion.

8. The lender pays interest on a partial repayment from the date of receipt 
until the end of the relevant month. The lender uses for the calculation of
the interest to be paid an interest rate that is equal to the interest rate of 
the loan portion on which repayment is made. This interest is payable at the end of
the month of repayment set off against the debt of the loan component on which you 
partially redeemed.

Announcement (overall) redemption
At least fourteen days before the date of an intended full repayment, 
to notify you of the intended repayment and repayment date. 
When paying the repayment on a date after the date specified by you, 
repayment date, the lender charges daily interest. If receipt of the repayment
takes place before or on the date announced by you, you are from the first day 
no further interest is owed on the repaid amount following the day of payment.

Change assortment
The lender can offer mortgage types, repayments, fixed-rate periods and/or services 
take the range and add new ones or change them.

Change of loan
It is not possible to switch to another loan during the term of the loan 
mortgage type from Obvion, such as the Obvion Compact Mortgage or the 
Obvion Basic Mortgage. To change the loan at your request, such as:
for example, type of repayment, term, interest rate and fixed-interest period that come with your money.
loan/loan component, the following rules apply:
with every change, the then current (new) General Terms and Conditions will be applied to the total loan 

Lender's terms and conditions apply;

you may be fined for changing the loan conditions in the interim 

owed due to loss of interest in accordance with the provisions of Article 22, paragraph 4 of this 
General Terms and Conditions, whereby for 'the time of receipt of the early' 
repayment' should be read 'the moment of amendment of the loan';

change is only possible if the lender's requirements at that time are met 

financing criteria established for similar loans;

the change can be arranged in a quote that the lender sends you for acceptance;
you owe costs for a change, see www.obvion.nl;
Article 26 

a change is possible at no cost at the end of the agreed 

fixed-rate period;

on www.obvion.nl you will find current information about the options for making changes 
of the loan and any associated costs. The lender can
change the term of the loan, the amount of the costs; 

the lender is not obliged to request a change in the loan conditions 

to follow up.

Increase money loan
An increase of the loan is possible if the requirements set by the lender on that date are met 
financing criteria currently established for similar loans.
The following rules apply to an increase:
an increase in your loan is processed by adding one or more 

new loan components;

when a higher registration with the Land Registry was originally made, 

you can increase your loan to that amount without the intervention of a notary;

when originally no higher registration with the Land Registry took place-

found, a new registration is required for the amount of the increase;

the total loan may not exceed the amount for which the mortgage has been 

granted;

in the event of an increase, the (new) 

Lender's General Terms and Conditions in force;

costs are due for using this facility, see www.obvion.nl. 

The lender can determine the amount of the costs during the term of the loan 
modify. 

Article 27 Relocation facility
1. When you sell the collateral and the current loan as a result of the sale 

and legal delivery, you have the following options: 
 - when you buy another home that serves or will serve as your main residence, 
you can include the interest conditions agreed with you (carrying arrangement). 
This means that you can calculate the interest rate and the remaining fixed-rate period of the 
repaid loan can apply to a new loan up to a maximum of 
the amount repaid at the time of sale; or

- you can also pass on the interest conditions agreed with you (pass on

regulation). This means that you can change the interest rate and the remaining fixed-rate period
can pass on the money loan repaid by you to the buyer of the house 
for which the loan was originally taken out, up to a maximum of the 
sale amount repaid.

For both options, the application for the new loan has to be submitted 
must be with the lender three months after repayment of the existing loan 
submitted and met the lender's at that time for similar
financing criteria established for loans. 
2. If there is more than one borrower who, after the sale and legal delivery of 
their joint home, do not jointly use the take-away scheme, 
For example, in the event of a divorce, the following applies to the take-away scheme:
one of these borrowers can make use of the take-away scheme until 


maximum the amount repaid at the time of the sale, whereby the other borrower(s) 
must renounce this take-away scheme; or
each of the borrowers can make use of the take-away scheme, whereby they 
jointly can take a maximum of the amount repaid during the sale. 
The borrowers make a division among themselves, for example with two borrowers 
each half. They must then give up the part that they do not take with them.
3. The then applicable (new) General Terms and Conditions will be applied to the total loan 

of lender applies. 

4. If, when using the relocation facility, a different relationship arises between: 
the amount of the loan and the value of the home, there may be a surcharge 
apply to the interest rate.

5. Costs are due for the use of these facilities, see www.obvion.nl. 

The lender can determine the amount of the costs during the term of the loan 
modify. 

 
Information
1. Each year, the lender provides you with a balance statement with regard to the loan 

which may contain information that may be important for your tax return.

2. If you have not received the contents of the balance statement sent within one month after 
has disputed the provision, the contents thereof shall be deemed to have been approved by you.

3. By accepting the mortgage offer you give the lender permission in advance 

to keep your intermediary informed of the progress of your loan.

Evidence of lender administration
An extract from its administration signed by the lender extends to you:
full evidence, barring evidence to the contrary.

Claim grounds
The borrower is in default, without a notice of default being required, if and 
as soon as one of the grounds for demand mentioned in this article occurs:
1. Everything that the lender has to claim from the borrower is immediate in its entirety 

payable if:
a. the borrower and/or the (third-party) mortgage lender one or more of these 

General Terms and Conditions, the mortgage deed or the deed of loan
does not, not timely or not properly comply with flowing obligations and therefore 
does not do what has been agreed with the lender;

b. the borrower and/or the (third-party) mortgage lender has communicated something to the lender

that is not true or incomplete, or that the borrower and/or the (third-party) mortgage


c. borrower one or more obligations under the agreement of capital/

(mixed) life insurance - the rights of which are pledged to the lender - 
does not, not timely or not properly comply and therefore does not do anything with the 
lender has been agreed;

d. borrower one or more obligations arising from the holding of  

a (bank) savings or investment account - the rights of which are vested in the lender 
pledged - does not, not timely or not properly comply and therefore does not do anything with 
the lender has agreed.

2. Moreover, everything that the lender has to claim from the borrower in its entirety is 

immediately due on or after:
a. declaration or request for bankruptcy or request for suspension of payment of 
borrower or (third-party) mortgage lender or declaring the application of a 
statutory debt rescheduling scheme for the borrower or (third-party) mortgage lender;

b. enforcement attachment or prejudgment attachment that becomes an enforcement

attachment of the collateral or part thereof;

c. any event that may or may have led to a substantial decrease

of the value of the collateral and/or other securities;

d. death of borrower;
e. living outside the Netherlands of the borrower;
f. placed under guardianship of the borrower or loss in any other way due to

holder of free management of his assets;

g. any event that has resulted or may lead to a disproportionate limitation

of the lender's rights;

h. determination by the lender that there is a defect in the title of property, more
in general, determination by the lender of any defect in (an) other condition 
its relevant title(s) as a mortgagee.

3. For multi-collateralized mortgage loans, the rights of which derive from (a) 

is/are policy(s) of capital/ (mixed) life insurance(s) to lender 
pledged, also applies, in addition to what is stated in paragraphs 1 and 2 of this article 30 
it has been stated that everything that the lender has to claim from the borrower in its entirety 
is immediately due and payable if:
a. the insurance contract ends prematurely or has been made non-contributory, or the 

the insured persons named on the policy(s) have changed;

b. the insurance company is bankrupt or in suspension of payment

payment is or will be, on the understanding that this ground of 
must be of such weight that the lender cannot continue to be bound 
are required;

c. the insurance contract is surrendered.

4. For mortgage loans to multiple collateral, including the balances 

pledged to the lender in an investment account, also applies, in addition to 
what is mentioned in paragraphs 1 and 2 of this article 30, that all that which lender 
has to be claimed from the borrower in its entirety is immediately due and payable if:
a. the investment account ends prematurely or a periodic deposit into the aforementioned 

investment account is terminated;

b. the institution where the aforementioned investment account is held is able
of bankruptcy or is or will be in suspension of payment, with 
provided that this ground must be of such weight that bound-
lender cannot be further demanded.

5. For multi-security mortgage loans, of which the assets 
pledged to the lender in a (bank) savings account, also applies, in addition 
on what is stated in paragraphs 1 and 2 of this article 30, that everything that lender 
has to be claimed from the borrower in its entirety is immediately due and payable if:
a. the (bank) savings account ends prematurely or a periodic deposit into the aforementioned 

(bank) savings account is terminated;

b. the bank where the aforementioned (bank) savings account is held in the state of

is or will be in bankruptcy or suspension of payments.

6. Borrower or transferee(s) under universal title is/are obliged to 

to notify in writing of facts or circumstances as referred to in this article, 
immediately after they occur.

7. The lender after submitting the offer, but before passing the 

mortgage deed establishes that the borrower has acted contrary to the provisions 
in paragraph 1 sub a and/or b of this article 30 and this has seriously attributably failed 
in the fulfillment of his obligations, for example by committing fraud, then 
the lender will not proceed to grant the loan. the borrower
then also forfeits to the lender an immediately due and payable fine of 1% of the principal sum 
of the loan referred to in the offer. 

Article 31 Transfer of claim
The lender is authorized to transfer its claim against you under the loan
transfer to a third party. Borrower agrees in advance to such transfer, all
cooperate to benefit the security provided for the claim
to the acquirer of the claim and gives permission for it to be
making personal data available to the acquirer.

Article 32 Taxes and costs
1. All taxes that are or will be due in connection with the loan, 

are at your expense.

2. For the account of the borrower:

a. all costs related to the loan;
b. all costs related to collateral for the loan; and


Article 33 

c. all costs for collection and enforcement, including legal aid costs

which the lender makes both in and out of court, with a minimum 
from € 500.00. If the lender incurs more costs, the borrower must
Pay.

Special conditions for various interest types
In addition to the conditions stated above under 'Money loan general', the following conditions apply: 
conditions if the relevant interest type has been agreed with you.

Fixed interest period of one month (variable monthly interest)
These provisions apply to loan components with a fixed-interest period of one month 
with application date before March 23, 2009.

1. The lender determines the interest rate once a month (last working day) and 

communicate this to you. If the interest rate changes, the monthly rate also changes
amount due.

2. The interest rate is based on the so-called 'reference interest'  

(1-month Euribor) and has a surcharge that is determined periodically by the lender, 
see www.obvion.nl 

3. You have the option to opt for a longer fixed-interest period 

than a month. The new fixed-rate period starts on the first of the month
following that in which the borrower's lender signed the borrower's 
has received an application form for the conversion of the fixed-rate period. 
A choice once made is irrevocable. For the new fixed-rate period
the lender on the date of receipt of this application form applies to: 
interest rate used in that new fixed-rate period. This application form
you can download it from www.obvion.nl or ask your intermediary.

4. You may always make early repayments without penalty. There is a minimum amount for

a partial early repayment. This amount can be paid during the term of the
loan may be changed by the lender, see www.obvion.nl.

Article 34 Fixed-rate period Obvion Flexible Interest
These provisions apply to loan components with a fixed-interest period of one month 
which takes effect on or after November 9, 2009.

1. The interest rate can change daily. If you take out a new loan, then

During the first calendar month, you pay the interest rate that applies to 
passing date. The rate will then be reset on the 1st of every month
determined on the basis of the applicable daily rate on the last working day of the previous 
month. This rate is valid throughout the month and will be communicated to you. If it
If the interest rate changes, the monthly amount due will also change.

2. You have the option to opt in the meantime for a fixed-rate period of longer 

than a month. The new fixed-rate period starts on the first of the month
following that in which the borrower's lender signed the borrower's 
has received an application form for the conversion of the fixed-rate period. 
A choice once made is irrevocable. For the new fixed-rate period
the lender on the date of receipt of this application form applies to: 
interest rate used in that new fixed-rate period. This application form
you can download it from www.obvion.nl or ask your intermediary.

3. You may always make early repayments without penalty. There is a minimum amount for

a partial early repayment. This amount can be paid during the term of the
loan may be changed by the lender, see www.obvion.nl.

Article 35 Fixed-rate period of longer than one month
1. During a fixed-rate period, the lender will not change the interest.
2. The fixed-rate period always starts on the first of the month in which the lender 

has transferred funds to the notary.

3. The lender will send you a written notice at least one month before the interest rate change date 
make an offer for a new fixed-rate period. For the new fixed-rate period
the lowest interest rate applies from the period between the date of the offer and the commencement date 
new fixed-rate period (= off-peak interest).

4. When you change this lender's offer, the newly selected fixed-rate 

period the lowest interest rate from the period between the date of receipt of change
request and commencement date of a new fixed-rate period.

5. When you do not use this offer or another fixed-rate period 

that the lender offers, you must make this known to the lender. You must then
repay the loan component or the loan components for which the fixed-rate period expires on the 
date on which the new fixed-rate period would have started. For the redemption
the lender will not charge you a penalty for early payment of this loan component or components 
repayment into account. If the lender does not notify you before the interest rate change date
of acceptance or non-acceptance, from that date the 
conditions of the lender's offer.

Interest Free
If you choose a two-year fixed-rate period at the start of the loan component, you may 
for the loan/each loan component for which you have made that choice during that period 
opt for a different fixed-rate period once in two years (freedom of interest). The new
fixed-rate period starts on the first of the month following the month in which the lender 
the application form signed by you for the conversion of the fixed-rate interest 
period received. You can download this application form from www.obvion.nl
or ask your intermediary. A choice once made is irrevocable.

Article 38 Freedom of choice
For any fixed-interest period longer than one month (except with interest-free), you can 
in the last year of your fixed-rate period, choose a different fixed-rate once 
period (freedom of interest). The new fixed-rate period starts on the first of the
month following the month in which the lender submitted the application form signed by you 
received for the conversion of the fixed-rate period. This application form
you can download it from www.obvion.nl or ask your intermediary. once
choice made is irrevocable.

Interim interest rate averaging
With 'Interim interest averaging' you can profit without penalty for loss of interest 
of a lower interest rate. You can lock in the new interest for a longer period of time.
Of the current contract interest rate applicable to you and the interest rate of the 
newly selected fixed-rate period, the average is taken. In the calculation
of that average, the (remaining) term of your current loan is taken into account 
and the term of your new fixed-rate period. For this calculation, the
term of the new fixed-rate period, deducted the remaining term of 
your current fixed-rate period. The average interest then applies as interest for your new
fixed-rate period. You owe costs for this facility (see www.obvion.nl).
The lender can change the amount of the costs during the term of the loan. 

These are the rules you must comply with in order to qualify for an 'interim interest averaging' 
to qualify:
you can request an interest averaging proposal no more than once every 24 months 
with the application form. You can download this from www.obvion.nl or ask for it
at your intermediary;

the current interest rate applicable to you is higher than the interest rate for 

a comparable loan from the lender with the same repayment form and a fixed interest rate 
period;
interim interest averaging is not possible with a fixed-interest period of  
24 months or less;

the current fixed-rate period must have run for at least 24 months;
the newly selected fixed-rate period is at least equal to the current fixed-rate 

period;

the newly selected fixed-rate period may not be longer than the remaining term of 

the relevant loan component;

in the event of an interim interest rate averaging, the then applicable 

(new) General Terms and Conditions of the lender apply; 

the change can be arranged in a quote that the lender sends you for acceptance;

if your current fixed-rate period does not coincide with a lender on that 
currently offered fixed-rate period, is used for the calculation of the average 
interest rate based on the interest rate that corresponds to the next higher 
fixed-rate period.


Article 39 Compulsory term life insurance
1. When the total loan from the lender exceeds 100% of the valued 

enforceable value of the collateral, you are obliged for at least the 
amount that the loan exceeds 100% for a term life insurance policy 
close and keep closed on the life of the borrower(s) whose income 
is/are necessary to pay the loan.

2. You are obliged to pledge the rights under this term life insurance policy to 

lender.

Article 40 Linear Mortgage
1. The Linear Mortgage is a repayment form in which the borrower pays a monthly installment 

Article 41 

repays part of this loan component to the lender. In addition, the borrower pays
monthly interest to the lender.

2. Because the borrower repays part of this loan component every month, 

the amount of this loan component every month. As a result, the borrower has
At the end of the term, this loan component is repaid in full.

3. If the amount that the borrower must repay to the lender decreases, then decreases 

also the amount that the borrower must pay in interest. During the term of this
The loan component therefore decreases the monthly amount owed. 

4. With the Linear Mortgage, the amount of this loan component decreases. the borrower

after all, pays back a part of this loan component every month. the borrower
therefore also pays interest on an increasingly lower amount. This can have tax consequences
to have.

annuity mortgage
1. The Annuity Mortgage is a repayment form in which the borrower pays a monthly 
repays part of this loan component to the lender. In addition, the borrower pays
interest every month. The borrower pays, with a fixed-interest period of longer
than one month, the same amount every month. But the amount that the borrower
repays this loan component increases over the term, the interest component 
getting smaller. This can have tax consequences.

2. With a fixed-interest period of one month, the monthly amount can be 

change. 

3. After each fixed-interest period of longer than one month, the monthly amount 

change. 

4. Because the borrower repays part of this loan component every month, 

the amount of this loan component every month. As a result, the borrower has
At the end of the term, this loan component is repaid in full. 

Article 42 SpaarGerust mortgage
1. The SpaarGerust mortgage consists of a loan component and a bank savings account  

of Robeco Direct NV (hereinafter referred to as: Robeco Bank Savings Account).

2. The balance on the Robeco Bank Savings Account has been (re)pledged on the basis of the 
security construction agreement between you, Obvion and Robeco Direct NV

3. The Security Arrangement Agreement, the Banking Agreement

Robeco savings account and the applicable terms and conditions  
you together with the offer for the loan.

4. The term of the Robeco Bank Savings Account is equal to the term of the 

loan part of the SpaarGerust mortgage.

5. Fixed interest periods shorter than 24 months are not possible with the SpaarGerust

mortgage.

6. The loan part of the SpaarGerust mortgage must be 

amount to a minimum of € 20,000.

7. The amount of the loan component of the SpaarGerust mortgage must always be the same 
to the target capital of the Robeco Bank Savings Account. If the target capital of the
Robeco bank savings account is reduced, is part of the loan portion of the 
SpaarGerusthypotheek is due and payable and that part must be repaid as soon as possible. 
The size of the amount that is due and that must be repaid is equal to the 
amount by which the target capital has been/will be reduced. The target capital is the amount
that the account holder wants to have accrued on the account on the repayment date for 
repayment of the loan portion of the SpaarGerust mortgage.

8. When the target capital of the Robeco Bank Savings Account has been reached, the loan portion of 
the SpaarGerust mortgage is fully due and payable and that loan component must be repaid in full 
turn into.

9. Monthly savings deposits must be made on the Robeco Bank Savings Account 

deposited by the account holder. The account holder of the Bank Savings Account
Robeco is always (one of) the borrower(s). If an agreed savings deposit amount
has not been deposited in the Robeco Bank Savings Account in time, the lender may 
savings deposit on behalf of the account holder, who is also a borrower, to Robeco 
Pay direct NV. If the lender pays a savings amount on behalf of the account
holder who is also a borrower has paid, the borrower has paid this amount to the 
lender owed.

 The provisions of Article 15 of these terms and conditions apply in full.
10. If the offer states a tax-free continuation of an existing policy/account 

has been agreed, it is not possible to change the SpaarGerust mortgage in the 
period:
which starts from the date of execution of the mortgage deed or, in the event of a change in the 

amortization form, from the effective date of the change of the amortization form as 
mentioned in the offer: and

which ends when the contribution meets the requirements such as 

mentioned in the General Terms and Conditions for the Robeco Bank Savings Account.

11. Each (heir of the) borrower is obliged to report the death of (one of) the 

account holder(s) of the Robeco Bank Savings Account as soon as possible 
lender to report. If (one of) the account holder(s) of the Bank Savings Account
Robeco dies, is part of the loan part of the SpaarGerust mortgage 
payable and that part must be repaid as soon as possible. The size of it
amount that is then due and payable and must be repaid is equal to the amount that 
pursuant to the (amended) agreement regarding the Robeco Bank Savings Account 
is used to repay the loan portion of the SpaarGerust mortgage at 
death of the relevant account holder.

Article 43 Savings mortgage (June 2007 to October 2012)
These provisions apply to Savings-Based Mortgages for which on or after June 6, 2007 to and 
a quote was requested by 1 October 2012. New Savings Mortgages will not be
more provided.

1. The Savings Mortgage consists of a loan component and (a) obligation to pay to the lender 

pledge mortgage savings insurance.

2. The term of this mortgage savings insurance is equal to the term of the 

relevant loan component.

3. This savings mortgage insurance is taken out with a lender selected by the lender 
insurance company stated in the offer, see also www.obvion.nl. 
You will receive the conditions for the insurance together with the quote for the insurance 
money loan. You pay the premiums owed to this insurance company.

4. A fixed-interest period of one month is not possible with the Spaarhypotheek.

Article 44 Savings mortgage (before 6 June 2007)
These provisions apply to Savings Mortgages for which an offer has been submitted before June 6, 2007 
requested. New Savings Mortgages are no longer provided.

1. The Savings Mortgage consists of a loan component and an obligation to pay the lender 

pledge mortgage savings insurance.

2. The term of this mortgage savings insurance is equal to the term of the 

relevant loan component.

3. This savings mortgage insurance is taken out with a lender selected by the lender 
insurance company stated in the offer, see also www.obvion.nl. 
You will receive the conditions for the insurance together with the quote for the insurance 
money loan. You pay the premiums owed to this insurance company.

4. A fixed-interest period of one month is not possible with the Spaarhypotheek.
5. In the case of the Savings Mortgage, the penalty for early repayment (Article 22, cash 
value method) calculated on the debt less the surrender value of the 
mortgage savings insurance and reduced by the amount that pursuant to Article 22 
Paragraph 1 may be repaid without penalty.


Article 45 SavingsGaranthypotheek
New SpaarGarant mortgages are no longer provided.

Article 46 

1. The SpaarGaranthypotheek consists of a loan component and an obligation to lender 

Savings Guarantee insurance to be pledged.

2. The term of this Savings Guarantee Insurance is equal to the term of the 

relevant loan component.

3. This Savings Guarantee is taken out with a lender selected by the lender 
insurance company, see www.obvion.nl. The conditions for the insurance
you will receive together with the offer for the loan.

4. A fixed-interest period of one month is not possible with the SpaarGaranthypotheek.
 
life mortgage
1. A life mortgage consists of a loan component linked to a compulsory 

capital (/mixed) life insurance to be pledged to the lender.

2. The term of this insurance is equal to the term of the relevant insurance 

loan part.

3. You can choose with which insurance company established in the Netherlands you 
takes out this insurance. You pay the premiums owed to the chosen one
insurance company.

4. Before the loan is provided, the insurance company must 

to confirm that the insurance application has been accepted or to the lender 
to send policy(es).

5. An investment account may also be pledged instead of a life insurance policy 

as security for the Life Mortgage.

6. This investment account may only be held with institutions that 

Article 47 can be found on www.obvion.nl.

 
Switch mortgage
New Switch mortgages are no longer provided.

1. The Switch mortgage consists of a loan component and an obligation to pay the lender 

pledge switch insurance.

2. This switching insurance is taken out with a lender selected by the lender 

insurance company, see www.obvion.nl. The conditions for the insurance
you will receive together with the offer for the loan.

3. The term of this switch insurance is at most equal to the term of the 

relevant loan component.

4. A fixed-interest period of one month is not possible with the Switch mortgage.

Article 48 Interest-Only Mortgage
1. The Interest-Only Mortgage is an amortization form whereby the borrower during the 

only pays interest during the term of the loan component. 

2. You must repay this loan component to the lender at the end of the term.

E. 

Final Provisions

Article 49 Tax disclaimer
1. If a life insurance policy has been taken out that has been pledged to the lender, an instruction 

for payment of the insurance benefit are signed.  
This payment order is intended to determine the (inheritance) position of the beneficiary 
who signs the payment order, vis-à-vis the (other) heirs of 
to strengthen the insured(s) in the event of the death of the insured(s).  
Signing this payment order may have legal and tax consequences 
have, among other things, for payment of inheritance tax. 
These consequences are partly determined by the personal situation of the beneficiary 
and of the insured, including prenuptial agreements or partnership conditions and/or a 
will. The beneficiary is responsible for checking what these consequences
(can be. The lender accepts no liability for this. Beneficiary
must obtain advice from . in good time before signing a payment order 
a civil-law notary or an expert (tax) adviser.

2. Your personal circumstances, the use of the financing, the use of 

the collateral as well as changes in (tax) legislation and regulations and the explanation 
these may affect the tax treatment of the loan and 
related products. Lender accepts no liability
for this tax treatment. If facts or circumstances arise that
may have consequences for the tax treatment, you should ask for advice 
relevant experts.

Personal data
The Protection Act applies to all personal data of (a potential) borrower 
Personal data applies. The processing of personal data takes place in
within the framework of the following objective(s): assessing, accepting, entering into and 
executing agreements, making benefits, combating fraud, investments 
and communication with intermediaries; performing analyzes of personal data
for statistical and scientific purposes; ensuring the
security and integrity of the financial sector, as well as the use of and participation 
to warning systems; complying with legal obligations; managing
the relationship with you. In addition, Obvion may process your personal data in the context of
of performing (targeted) marketing activities in order to offer you products and services 
of Obvion. You can object to the latter at any time
to make. Providing your personal data to third parties outside of this objective(s)

30

Article 50 
will not take place without your permission, unless this is necessary in the context of 
the execution of the agreement concluded or to be concluded with you or if a legal 
prescription requires it. Responsible for the processing of personal data
is: Obvion NV, PO Box 3005, 6401 DM Heerlen.